obo:GO_0015238
  D "Enables the directed movement of a drug from one side of a membrane to the other. A drug is any naturally occurring or synthetic substance, other than a nutrient, that, when administered or applied to an organism, affects the structure or functioning of the organism; in particular, any such substance used in the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of disease."
obo:GO_0015350
  D "Enables the directed movement of methotrexate, 4-amino-10-methylformic acid, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Methotrexate is a folic acid analogue and a potent competitive inhibitor of dihydrofolate reductase."
obo:GO_0015548
  D "Enables the directed movement of organomercurial compounds into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Organomercurial substances are any organic compound containing a mercury atom."
obo:GO_0015545
  D "Enables the directed movement of bicyclomycin into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Bicyclomycin (or bicozamycin) is an antibacterial drug often used as a livestock feed additive."
obo:GO_0042896
  D "Enables the directed movement of chloramphenicol, a broad-spectrum antibiotic that inhibits bacterial protein synthesis, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0015243
  D "Enables the directed movement of cycloheximide into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Cycloheximide is an antibiotic produced by Streptomyces which interferes with protein synthesis in eukaryotes."
obo:GO_0042898
  D "Enables the directed movement of fosmidomycin, a phosphonic acid derivative with potent activity against Gram-negative organisms, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0008493
  D "Enables the directed movement of tetracycline into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Tetracycline is a broad spectrum antibiotic that blocks binding of aminoacyl tRNA to the ribosomes of both Gram-positive and Gram-negative organisms (and those of organelles)."
obo:GO_0015520
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: H+(out) + tetracycline(in) = H+(in) + tetracycline(out)."
obo:GO_0015241
  D "Enables the directed movement of aminotriazole into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Aminotriazole is an effective weed killer that also possesses some antithyroid activity."
obo:GO_1901474
  D "Enables the transfer of azole from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015244
  D "Enables the directed movement of fluconazole into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Fluconazole is an antifungal drug used for oral candidiasis and cryptococcal meningitis; it is still under study for treatment of vaginal candidiasis and other fungal infections."
obo:GO_0045119
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: H+(out) + azole(in) = H+(in) + azole(out). Azoles are heterocyclic compounds found in many biologically important substances."
obo:GO_0005290
  D "Enables the transfer of L-histidine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-histidine is 2-amino-3-(1H-imidazol-4-yl)propanoic acid."
obo:GO_0015546
  D "Enables the directed movement of sulfathiazole across a membrane. Sulfathiazole is an antibacterial agent of the sulfonamide group."
obo:GO_0015314
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: H+(out) + aminotriazole(in) = H+(in) + aminotriazole(out)."
obo:GO_0015313
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: H+(out) + fluconazole(in) = H+(in) + fluconazole(out)."
obo:GO_0043216
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: ATP + H2O + daunorubicin(in) = ADP + phosphate + daunorubicin(out)."
obo:GO_0005325
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: ATP + H2O + fatty acyl CoA(cis) = ADP + phosphate + fatty acyl CoA(trans). The transport of fatty acyl CoA into and out of peroxisomes."
obo:GO_0005328
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: neurotransmitter(out) + Na+(out) = neurotransmitter(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0005330
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: dopamine(out) + Na+(out) = dopamine(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0005334
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: norepinephrine(out) + Na+(out) = norepinephrine(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0005335
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: serotonin(out) + Na+(out) = serotonin(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0061717
  D "Enables the directed movement of cleaved miRNAs between the nucleus and the cytoplasm of a cell."
obo:GO_0090631
  D "Enables the directed movement of pre-miRNAs between the nucleus and the cytoplasm of a cell."
obo:GO_0042933
  D "Enables the directed movement of the siderophore chrysobactin (alpha-N-(2,3-dihydroxybenzoyl)-D-lysyl-L-serine) into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0042931
  D "Enables the directed movement of the siderochrome enterochelin, a cyclic trimer of 2, 3 dihydroxybenzoylserine into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0015343
  D "Enables the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: siderophore-iron(out) + H+(out) = siderophore-iron(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015346
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ferric triacetylfusarinine C(out) + H+(out) = ferric triacetylfusarinine C(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015620
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of ferric-enterobactin from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015622
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of ferric-hydroxamate from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0019535
  D "Enables the transfer of ferric-vibriobactin ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015344
  D "Enables the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: siderophore-iron(ferrioxamine)(out) + H+(out) = siderophore-iron(ferrioxamine)(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015624
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + ferric-enterobactin(out) = ADP + phosphate + ferric-enterobactin(in)."
obo:GO_0015625
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + ferric-hydroxamate(out) = ADP + phosphate + ferric-hydroxamate(in)."
obo:GO_0005319
  D "Enables the directed movement of lipids into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0090417
  D "Enables the directed movement of N-methylnicotinate into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0090416
  D "Enables the directed movement of nicotinate into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0005344
  D "Enables the directed movement of oxygen into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0015197
  D "Enables the directed movement of peptides, compounds of two or more amino acids where the alpha carboxyl group of one is bound to the alpha amino group of another, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0015647
  D "Enables the directed movement of peptidoglycans, a class of glycoconjugates found in bacterial cell walls, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0008565
  D "Enables the directed movement of proteins into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0097163
  D "Enables the directed movement of sulfur into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0090440
  D "Enables the directed movement of abscisic acid into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0015125
  D "Enables the transfer of bile acid from one side of the membrane to the other. Bile acids are any of a group of steroid carboxylic acids occurring in bile, where they are present as the sodium salts of their amides with glycine or taurine."
obo:GO_0015245
  D "Enables the directed movement of fatty acids into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Fatty acids are aliphatic monocarboxylic acids liberated from naturally occurring fats and oils by hydrolysis."
obo:GO_0015246
  D "Enables the directed movement of a fatty acyl group into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. A fatty acyl group is any acyl group derived from a fatty acid."
obo:GO_0017089
  D "Enables the directed movement of glycolipids, compounds containing (usually) 1-4 linked monosaccharide residues joined by a glycosyl linkage to a lipid, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0034040
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + lipid(in) = ADP + phosphate + lipid(out)."
obo:GO_0005548
  D "Enables the directed movement of phospholipids into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Phospholipids are a class of lipids containing phosphoric acid as a mono- or diester."
obo:GO_0034632
  D "Enables the directed movement of retinol into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Retinol is vitamin A1, 2,6,6-trimethyl-1-(9'-hydroxy-3',7'-dimethylnona-1',3',5',7'-tetraenyl)cyclohex-1-ene, one of the three components that makes up vitamin A."
obo:GO_0046624
  D "Enables the directed movement of sphingolipids into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Sphingolipids are a class of lipids containing the long-chain amine diol sphingosine or a closely related base (a sphingoid)."
obo:GO_0015248
  D "Enables the directed movement of sterols into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Sterol are steroids with one or more hydroxyl groups and a hydrocarbon side-chain in the molecule."
obo:GO_0015432
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: bile acid(in) + ATP + H2O -> bile acid(out) + ADP + phosphate."
obo:GO_0008508
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: bile acid(out) + Na+(out) = bile acid(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015126
  D "The directed movement of bile acid and bile salts out of a hepatocyte and into the bile canaliculus by means of an agent such as a transporter or pore. Bile canaliculi are the thin tubes formed by hepatocyte membranes. Bile acids are any of a group of steroid carboxylic acids occurring in bile, where they are present as the sodium salts of their amides with glycine or taurine."
obo:GO_0071714
  D "Enables the transfer of icosanoids from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005324
  D "Enables the directed movement of long-chain fatty acids into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. A long-chain fatty acid is a fatty acid with a chain length between C13 and C22."
obo:GO_0015635
  D "Enables the directed movement of short-chain fatty acids into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Short-chain fatty acids are fatty acids with a chain length of less than C6."
obo:GO_0015132
  D "Enables the transfer of prostaglandins from one side of the membrane to the other. A prostaglandin is any of a group of biologically active metabolites which contain a cyclopentane ring due to the formation of a bond between two carbons of a fatty acid. They have a wide range of biological activities."
obo:GO_1903962
  D "Enables the directed movement of arachidonate into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_1901480
  D "Enables the directed movement of oleate into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0015636
  D "Enables the directed movement of short-chain fatty acids into a cell or organelle. Short-chain fatty acids are fatty acids with a chain length of less than C6."
obo:GO_0034202
  D "Catalysis of the movement of glycolipids from one membrane face to the other (glycolipid 'flippase' activity)."
obo:GO_0034041
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + sterol(in) = ADP + phosphate + sterol(out)."
obo:GO_0015247
  D "Enables the directed movement of aminophospholipids into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Aminophospholipids contain phosphoric acid as a mono- or diester and an amino (NH2) group."
obo:GO_1902388
  D "Enables the directed movement of ceramide 1-phosphate into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0051978
  D "Enables the directed movement of lysophospholipids into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. A lysophospholipid is a phospholipid that lacks one of its fatty acyl chains; it is an intermediate formed during digestion of dietary and biliary phospholipids."
obo:GO_1990050
  D "Enables the directed movement of phosphatidic acid into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Phosphatidic acid refers to a glycophospholipids with, in general, a saturated fatty acid bonded to carbon-1, an unsaturated fatty acid bonded to carbon-2, and a phosphate group bonded to carbon-3."
obo:GO_0008525
  D "Enables the directed movement of phosphatidylcholine into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Phosphatidylcholine refers to a class of glycerophospholipids in which the phosphatidyl group is esterified to the hydroxyl group of choline."
obo:GO_1904121
  D "Enables the directed movement of phosphatidylethanolamine into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0008526
  D "Enables the directed movement of phosphatidylinositol into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Phosphatidylinositol refers to any glycophospholipids with its sn-glycerol 3-phosphate residue is esterified to the 1-hydroxyl group of 1D-myo-inositol."
obo:GO_0017128
  D "Catalysis of the movement of phospholipids from one membrane bilayer leaflet to the other, by an ATP-independent mechanism."
obo:GO_0004012
  D "Catalysis of the movement of phospholipids from one membrane bilayer leaflet to the other, driven by the hydrolysis of ATP."
obo:GO_0090554
  D "Catalysis of the movement of phosphatidylcholine from one membrane bilayer leaflet to the other, driven by the hydrolysis of ATP."
obo:GO_0090555
  D "Catalysis of the movement of phosphatidylethanolamine from one membrane bilayer leaflet to the other, driven by the hydrolysis of ATP."
obo:GO_0090556
  D "Catalysis of the movement of phosphatidylserine from one membrane bilayer leaflet to the other, driven by the hydrolysis of ATP."
obo:GO_0035620
  D "Enables the directed movement of ceramides into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Ceramides are a class of lipid composed of sphingosine linked to a fatty acid."
obo:GO_0046623
  D "Catalysis of the movement of sphingolipids from one membrane face to the other ('flippase' activity), driven by the hydrolysis of ATP."
obo:GO_0017127
  D "Enables the directed movement of cholesterol into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Cholesterol is the principal sterol of vertebrates and the precursor of many steroids, including bile acids and steroid hormones."
obo:GO_0042929
  D "Enables the directed movement of a ferrichrome into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Ferrichromes are any of a group of growth-promoting Fe(III) chelates formed by various genera of microfungi. They are homodetic cyclic hexapeptides made up of a tripeptide of glycine (or other small neutral amino acids) and a tripeptide of an N'acyl-N4-hydroxy-L-ornithine."
obo:GO_0015198
  D "Enables the directed movement of oligopeptides into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Oligopeptides are molecules that contain a small number (2 to 20) of amino-acid residues connected by peptide linkages."
obo:GO_0071991
  D "Enables the directed movement of a phytochelatin into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Phytochelatins are a group of peptides that bind metals (Cd, Zn, Cu, Pb, Hg) in thiolate coordination complexes."
obo:GO_0042897
  D "Enables the directed movement of polymyxin, any of a group of related antibiotics produced by Bacillus polymyxa and active against most Gram-negative bacteria, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0042936
  D "Enables the directed movement of a dipeptide, a combination of two amino acids by means of a peptide (-CO-NH-) link, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0015334
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of oligopeptide from one side of the membrane to the other. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations. Oligopeptides are molecules that contain a small number (2 to 20) of amino-acid residues connected by peptide linkages."
obo:GO_0035673
  D "Enables the transfer of oligopeptides from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0042937
  D "Enables the directed movement of a tripeptide, a compound containing three amino acids linked together by peptide bonds, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0071916
  D "Enables the directed movement of a dipeptide across a membrane into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. A dipeptide is a combination of two amino acids linked together by a peptide (-CO-NH-) bond."
obo:GO_0015421
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: ATP + H2O + oligopeptide(out) = ADP + phosphate + oligopeptide(in)."
obo:GO_1901584
  D "Enables the transfer of tetrapeptide from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0071992
  D "Enables the directed movement of a phytochelatin across a membrane into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Phytochelatins are a group of peptides that bind metals (Cd, Zn, Cu, Pb, Hg) in thiolate coordination complexes."
obo:GO_0044604
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: ATP + H2O + phytochelatin (in) = ADP + phosphate + phytochelatin (out)."
obo:GO_0015648
  D "Enables the directed movement of lipid-linked peptidoglycans into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0015640
  D "Enables the directed movement of peptidoglycan peptides into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Peptidoglycan peptides are the oligopeptides found in peptidoglycan networks which cross-link the polysaccharide chains."
obo:GO_0042954
  D "Enables the directed movement of any conjugated, water-soluble protein in which the nonprotein group consists of a lipid or lipids, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0032977
  D "Mediates the integration of proteins into a membrane from the inner side of the membrane. Membrane insertases are highly conserved and include the bacterial YidC family, the plant chloroplast Alb3 family, and the fungal and animal mitochondrial Oxa1/Cox18 family."
obo:GO_0005049
  D "Combining with a nuclear export signal (NES) to mediate transport of the NES-containing protein through the nuclear pore to the cytoplasm."
obo:GO_0061608
  D "Combining with a nuclear import signal (NIS) to mediate transport of the NIS-containing protein through the nuclear pore to the nucleus."
obo:GO_0000269
  D "Enables the energy independent passage of toxins, sized less than 1000 Da, across a membrane towards the outside of the cell. The transmembrane portions of porins consist exclusively of beta-strands which form a beta-barrel. They are found in the outer membranes of Gram-negative bacteria, mitochondria, plastids and possibly acid-fast Gram-positive bacteria."
obo:GO_1901375
  D "Enables the transfer of an acetate ester from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0022804
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a specific substance or related group of substances from one side of a membrane to the other, up the solute's concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction."
obo:GO_0015562
  D "Enables the transfer of a specific substance or related group of substances from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0015603
  D "Enables the transfer of an iron chelate from one side of a membrane to the other. An iron chelate is a heterocyclic compound having a metal ion attached by coordinate bonds to at least two nonmetal ions."
obo:GO_1901513
  D "Enables the transfer of lipo-chitin oligosaccharide from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0072349
  D "Enables the transfer of modified amino acids from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_1901618
  D "Enables the transfer of organic hydroxy compound from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015604
  D "Enables the transfer of phosphonate from one side of a membrane to the other. A phosphonate is any salt, anion, or ester of phosphonic acid (HPO(OH)2)."
obo:GO_0017077
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of protons from mitochondrial intermembrane space into mitochondrial matrix, dissipating the proton gradient across the mitochondrial inner membrane established by the electron transport chain during the oxidative phosphorylation (proton leak). Proton leak uncouples the processes of electron transport/proton generation and ATP synthesis."
obo:GO_0022803
  D "Enables the transfer of a solute from one side of the membrane to the other, down the solute's concentration gradient."
obo:GO_1901677
  D "Enables the transfer of phosphate from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_1901515
  D "Enables the transfer of poly-beta-1,6-N-acetyl-D-glucosamine from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_1901702
  D "Enables the transfer of salt from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0022891
  D "Enables the transfer of a specific substance or group of related substances from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_1901682
  D "Enables the transfer of a sulfur compound from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0022865
  D "Enables electron flow across a biological membrane, from donors localized on one side of the membrane to acceptors localized on the other side. These systems contribute to or subtract from the membrane potential, depending on the direction of electron flow. They are therefore important to cellular energetics."
obo:GO_0098663
  D "Any transmembrane transporter activity that is involved in importing some substance into a cell."
obo:GO_0015563
  D "Enables the transfer of a specific substance or related group of substances from the outside of a cell to the inside across a membrane."
obo:GO_0033224
  D "Enables the directed movement of 2-aminoethylphosphonate into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0022853
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of an ion from one side of a membrane to the other up the solute's concentration gradient. This is carried out by binding the solute and undergoing a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction."
obo:GO_0015399
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute from one side of the membrane to the other, up the solute's concentration gradient, by binding the solute and undergoing a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is powered by a primary energy source, directly using ATP. Primary energy sources known to be coupled to transport are chemical, electrical and solar sources."
obo:GO_0090563
  D "Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein S-phosphocysteine + sugar(out) = protein cysteine + sugar phosphate(in). This differs from primary and secondary active transport in that the solute is modified during transport."
obo:GO_0015291
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy, not direct ATP coupling. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0015576
  D "Enables the transfer of sorbitol from one side of the membrane to the other. Sorbitol, also known as glucitol, is the hexitol derived by the reduction of the aldehyde group of glucose."
obo:GO_0015451
  D "Primary active transport of a solute across a membrane driven by decarboxylation of a cytoplasmic substrate. Primary active transport is catalysis of the transport of a solute across a membrane, up the solute's concentration gradient, by binding the solute and undergoing a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a primary energy source."
obo:GO_0015454
  D "Primary active transport of a solute across a membrane, driven by light. Primary active transport is catalysis of the transport of a solute across a membrane, up the solute's concentration gradient, by binding the solute and undergoing a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a primary energy source."
obo:GO_0015452
  D "Primary active transport of a solute across a membrane driven by a methyl transfer reaction. Primary active transport is catalysis of the transport of a solute across a membrane, up the solute's concentration gradient, by binding the solute and undergoing a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a primary energy source."
obo:GO_0015453
  D "Primary active transport of a solute across a membrane, driven by exothermic flow of electrons from a reduced substrate to an oxidized substrate. Primary active transport is catalysis of the transport of a solute across a membrane, up the solute's concentration gradient, by binding the solute and undergoing a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a primary energy source."
obo:GO_0015405
  D "Primary active transport of a solute across a membrane, driven by the hydrolysis of the diphosphate bond of inorganic pyrophosphate, ATP, or another nucleoside triphosphate. The transport protein may or may not be transiently phosphorylated, but the substrate is not phosphorylated. Primary active transport is catalysis of the transport of a solute across a membrane, up the solute's concentration gradient, by binding the solute and undergoing a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a primary energy source."
obo:GO_0009678
  D "Catalysis of the hydrolysis of pyrophosphate, which generates a proton motive force."
obo:GO_0090582
  D "Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein S-phosphocysteine + D-fructose(out) = protein cysteine + D-fructose-1-phosphate(in)."
obo:GO_0090583
  D "Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein S-phosphocysteine + D-sorbitol(out) = protein cysteine + D-sorbitol-1-phosphate(in)."
obo:GO_0090584
  D "Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein S-phosphocysteine + galactitol(out) = protein cysteine + galactitol-6-phosphate(in)."
obo:GO_0090587
  D "Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein S-phosphocysteine + glucosamine (out) = protein cysteine + glucosamine-6-phosphate (in)."
obo:GO_0090564
  D "Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein S-phosphocysteine + glucose(out) = protein cysteine + glucose phosphate(in). This differs from primary and secondary active transport in that the solute is modified during transport."
obo:GO_0090585
  D "Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein S-phosphocysteine + L-ascorbate(out) = protein cysteine + L-ascorbate-6-phosphate(in)."
obo:GO_0090565
  D "Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein S-phosphocysteine + mannitol(out) = protein cysteine + mannitol phosphate(in). This differs from primary and secondary active transport in that the solute is modified during transport."
obo:GO_0090581
  D "Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein S-phosphocysteine + mannosylglycerate(out) = protein cysteine + mannosylglycerate phosphate(in)."
obo:GO_0090566
  D "Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein S-phosphocysteine + N,N'-diacetylchitobiose(out) = protein cysteine + N,N'-diacetylchitobiose phosphate(in)."
obo:GO_0090586
  D ": Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein S-phosphocysteine + N-acetylglucosamine (out) = protein cysteine + N-acetylglucosamine-6-phosphate (in)."
obo:GO_0090588
  D "Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein S-phosphocysteine + N-acetylmuramate (out) = protein cysteine + N-acetylmuramate-6-phosphate (in)."
obo:GO_0090589
  D "Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein S-phosphocysteine + trehalose (out) = protein cysteine + trehalose-6-phosphate (in)."
obo:GO_0015297
  D "Enables the active transport of a solute across a membrane by a mechanism whereby two or more species are transported in opposite directions in a tightly coupled process not directly linked to a form of energy other than chemiosmotic energy. The reaction is: solute A(out) + solute B(in) = solute A(in) + solute B(out)."
obo:GO_0015351
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of bilirubin from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0022814
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a single solute from one side of the membrane to the other by a mechanism involving conformational change, either by facilitated diffusion or in a membrane potential dependent process if the solute is charged."
obo:GO_0015398
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of ammonium from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0005294
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a neutral L-amino acid from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0010174
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a nucleoside, from one side of a membrane to the other, up a concentration gradient."
obo:GO_0000227
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of oxaloacetate from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0009977
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of proteins from one side of the membrane to the other. Transportation is dependent on pH gradient across the membrane."
obo:GO_0022897
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a peptide from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by proton movement."
obo:GO_0008518
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of reduced folate from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0015541
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: cyanate(out) = cyanate(in)."
obo:GO_0015355
  D "Catalysis of the movement of a monocarboxylate, any compound containing a single carboxyl group (COOH or COO-), by uniport, symport or antiport across a membrane by a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0015322
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of an oligopeptide or oligopeptides from one side of the membrane to the other, up the solute's concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction."
obo:GO_0008271
  D "Catalysis of the secondary active transfer of sulfate from one side of the membrane to the other. Secondary active transport is catalysis of the transfer of a solute from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0015293
  D "Enables the active transport of a solute across a membrane by a mechanism whereby two or more species are transported together in the same direction in a tightly coupled process not directly linked to a form of energy other than chemiosmotic energy."
obo:GO_0015292
  D "Catalysis of the transport of a single molecular species across a membrane; transport is independent of the movement of any other molecular species."
obo:GO_0015301
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: anion A(out) + anion B(in) = anion A(in) + anion B(out)."
obo:GO_0005476
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: carnitine (mitochondrial) + acyl carnitine (cytoplasm) = carnitine (cytoplasm) + acyl carnitine (mitochondrial)."
obo:GO_0015364
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: dicarboxylate(out) + inorganic phosphate(in) = dicarboxylate(in) + inorganic phosphate(out)."
obo:GO_0046609
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sulfate(out) + solute(in) = solute(in) + sulfate(out), by a channel in a cell membrane whose opening is governed by the membrane potential."
obo:GO_0015515
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: citrate(out) + succinate(in) = citrate(in) + succinate(out)."
obo:GO_0015327
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: cystine(out) + glutamate(in) = cystine(in) + glutamate(out)."
obo:GO_0005452
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: inorganic anion A(out) + inorganic anion B(in) = inorganic anion A(in) + inorganic anion B(out)."
obo:GO_0015367
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: oxoglutarate(out) + malate(in) = oxoglutarate(in) + malate(out)."
obo:GO_0015383
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sulfate(out) + bicarbonate(in) = sulfate(in) + bicarbonate(out)."
obo:GO_0015516
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: tartrate(out) + succinate(in) = tartrate(in) + succinate(out)."
obo:GO_0022810
  D "Enables the active transport of a solute across a membrane by a mechanism involving conformational change, where energy for active transport is derived from membrane potential if the solute is charged."
obo:GO_0015333
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: peptide(out) + H+(out) = peptide(in) + H+(in). Catalysis of the transfer of a peptide from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by hydrogen ion movement."
obo:GO_0005427
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a oligopeptide from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by proton movement."
obo:GO_0015381
  D "Catalysis of the secondary active high affinity transfer of sulfate from one side of the membrane to the other. Secondary active transport is catalysis of the transfer of a solute from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind thesolute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0010329
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of auxin, from one side of a membrane to the other, out of a cell."
obo:GO_0080139
  D "Enables the transfer of borate from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0046583
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a cation or cations from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0015634
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of lipopolysaccharide from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane. A lipopolysaccharide is any of a group of related, structurally complex components of the outer membrane of Gram-negative bacteria. Lipopolysaccharides consist three covalently linked regions, lipid A, core oligosaccharide, and an O side chain. Lipid A is responsible for the toxicity of the lipopolysaccharide."
obo:GO_0015623
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + iron chelate(out) = ADP + phosphate + iron chelate(in). Fe-enterobactin, Fe-dicitrate, Fe-hydroxamate and other siderophores are imported."
obo:GO_0051980
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of the iron chelate iron-nicotianamine (Fe-NA) from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_1901514
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + lipo-chitin oligosaccharide(in) = ADP + phosphate + lipo-chitin oligosaccharide(out)."
obo:GO_0005308
  D "Enables the directed movement of creatine across a membrane. Creatine is a compound synthesized from the amino acids arginine, glycine, and methionine that occurs in muscle."
obo:GO_0015328
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of cystine from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0034590
  D "Enables the transfer of L-hydroxyproline from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015569
  D "Enables the transfer of p-aminobenzoyl-glutamate from one side of a membrane to the other. p-aminobenzoyl-glutamate is the anion of p-aminobenzoyl-glutamic acid."
obo:GO_0000100
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of S-methylmethionine from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015349
  D "Enables the transfer of thyroid hormones from one side of the membrane to the other. Thyroid hormone are any of the compounds secreted by the thyroid gland, largely thyroxine and triiodothyronine."
obo:GO_0015665
  D "Enables the transfer of an alcohol from one side of the membrane to the other. An alcohol is any carbon compound that contains a hydroxyl group."
obo:GO_0015226
  D "Enables the directed movement of carnitine across a membrane. Carnitine is a compound that participates in the transfer of acyl groups across the inner mitochondrial membrane."
obo:GO_0015222
  D "Enables the transfer of serotonin from one side of the membrane to the other. Serotonin (5-hydroxytryptamine) is a monoamine neurotransmitter occurring in the peripheral and central nervous systems."
obo:GO_0015530
  D "Enables the transfer of shikimate from one side of the membrane to the other. Shikimate is an important intermediate in the biosynthesis of aromatic amino acids."
obo:GO_0097253
  D "Enables the transfer of beta-hydroxybutyrate from one side of the membrane to the other. Beta-hydroxybutyrate is the conjugate base of (R)-3-hydroxybutyric acid."
obo:GO_0043879
  D "Enables the transfer of glycolate from one side of a membrane to the other. Glycolate is the smallest alpha-hydroxy acid (AHA)."
obo:GO_0015166
  D "Enables the transfer of a polyol from one side of the membrane to the other. A polyol is any polyhydric alcohol."
obo:GO_0042950
  D "Enables the transfer of salicin (saligenin-beta-D-glucopyranoside), a glucoside of o-hydroxybenzylalcohol, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015352
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of sterol from one side of the membrane to the other, up the solute's concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction."
obo:GO_0070812
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + glycerol-2-phosphate(out) = ADP + phosphate + glycerol-2-phosphate(in)."
obo:GO_0005365
  D "Enables the transfer of myo-inositol from one side of the membrane to the other. Myo-inositol is 1,2,3,4,5/4,6-cyclohexanehexol, a growth factor for animals and microorganisms."
obo:GO_0015170
  D "Enables the transfer of propanediol from one side of the membrane to the other. Propanediol is a sweet colorless, viscous, hygroscopic liquid used as an antifreeze and in brake fluid; it is also as a humectant in cosmetics and personal care items, although it can be absorbed through the skin with harmful effects."
obo:GO_1901235
  D "Enables the transfer of (R)-carnitine from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0044667
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: (R)-carnitine(out) + 4-(trimethylammonio)butanoate(in) = (R)-carnitine(in) + 4-(trimethylammonio)butanoate(out)."
obo:GO_0042917
  D "Enables the transfer of an alkylphosphonate from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015522
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: hydrophobic uncoupler(in) + H+(out) = hydrophobic uncoupler(out) + H+(in). Hydrophobic uncouplers include CCCP, benzalkonium and SDS."
obo:GO_0015267
  D "Enables the energy-independent facilitated diffusion, mediated by passage of a solute through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel. Stereospecificity is not exhibited but this transport may be specific for a particular molecular species or class of molecules."
obo:GO_0022809
  D "This is a type of carrier produced by bacteria. It enables passive transport by shielding the ion that is being transported from the lipid membrane. It carries an ion across the membrane by enclosing the ion and travelling across the membrane. It does not form a fully open pore across the membrane."
obo:GO_0022886
  D "Enables transport of a solute across a membrane. This kind of transporter interacts much more weakly with the solute than the carrier does. It is an aqueous pore that extends across the membrane. It may change from closed to open and back. It transports faster than a carrier. It is always passive."
obo:GO_0022836
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a solute by a channel that opens in response to a specific stimulus."
obo:GO_0015254
  D "Enables the facilitated diffusion of glycerol (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0034290
  D "A compound function consisting of the regulated formation of a pore via oligomerisation of an existing pool of subunits in the plasma membrane.  The resulting channel activity directly or indirectly allows murein hydrolyases to access their cell wall substrate."
obo:GO_0022842
  D "Enables the transport of a solute across a membrane via a narrow pore channel that may be gated or ungated."
obo:GO_0015255
  D "Enables the facilitated diffusion of propanediol (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0022829
  D "Enables the transport of a solute across a membrane via a large pore, un-gated channel. Examples include gap junctions, which transport substances from one cell to another; and porins which transport substances in and out of bacteria, mitochondria and chloroplasts."
obo:GO_0022859
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a solute by a channel that opens in response to dephosphorylation of one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0022839
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a solute by a channel that opens in response to a specific ion stimulus."
obo:GO_0022834
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a solute by a channel that opens when a specific ligand has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0022833
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a solute by a channel that opens in response to a mechanical stress."
obo:GO_1990760
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a cation by a channel that opens when a change in the osmolarity occurs in the extracellular space of the cell in which the cation channel resides."
obo:GO_0022828
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a solute by a channel that opens in response to phosphorylation of one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0022832
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a solute by a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0005227
  D "Enables the calcium concentration-regulatable energy-independent passage of cations across a lipid bilayer down a concentration gradient."
obo:GO_0070089
  D "Enables the chloride concentration-regulatable energy-independent passage of potassium ions across a lipid bilayer down a concentration gradient."
obo:GO_0005228
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of potassium by a channel that opens in response to stimulus by a sodium ion or ions. Transport by a channel involves facilitated diffusion of a solute (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel, without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism. Sodium activated potassium channels have distinctive properties, including a large single channel conductance, subconductance states, and a block of single channel currents at positive potentials, similar to inward rectification."
obo:GO_0015269
  D "Enables the calcium concentration-regulatable energy-independent passage of potassium ions across a lipid bilayer down a concentration gradient."
obo:GO_0022894
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of potassium by a channel with a unit conductance of 20 to 85 picoSiemens that opens in response to stimulus by internal calcium ions. Intermediate conductance calcium-activated potassium channels are more sensitive to calcium than are large conductance calcium-activated potassium channels. Transport by a channel involves catalysis of facilitated diffusion of a solute (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel, without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0060072
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of potassium by a channel with a unit conductance of 100 to 220 picoSiemens that opens in response to stimulus by concerted actions of internal calcium ions and membrane potential. Large conductance calcium-activated potassium channels are less sensitive to calcium than are small or intermediate conductance calcium-activated potassium channels. Transport by a channel involves catalysis of facilitated diffusion of a solute (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel, without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0016286
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of potassium by a channel with a unit conductance of 2 to 20 picoSiemens that opens in response to stimulus by internal calcium ions. Small conductance calcium-activated potassium channels are more sensitive to calcium than are large conductance calcium-activated potassium channels. Transport by a channel involves catalysis of facilitated diffusion of a solute (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel, without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0015276
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens when a specific ligand has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0022835
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a solute by a channel that opens when a specific neurotransmitter has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0035381
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens when ATP has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0015278
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a channel that opens when a specific ligand has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0043855
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens when a cyclic nucleotide has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0005230
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens when a specific extracellular ligand has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0019182
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a chloride ion by a channel that opens when histamine has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0005217
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens when a specific intracellular ligand has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0005242
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by an inwardly-rectifying voltage-gated channel. An inwardly rectifying current-voltage relation is one where at any given driving force the inward flow of K+ ions exceeds the outward flow for the opposite driving force. The inward-rectification is due to a voltage-dependent block of the channel pore by a specific ligand or ligands, and as a result the macroscopic conductance depends on the difference between membrane voltage and the K+ equilibrium potential rather than on membrane voltage itself."
obo:GO_0015280
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a sodium ion by a channel that opens when a specific ligand has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0015279
  D "A ligand-gated ion channel activity which transports calcium in response to emptying of intracellular calcium stores."
obo:GO_0005218
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a channel that opens when a specific intracellular ligand has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0072346
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a channel that opens when cyclic adenosine diphosphate ribose (cADPR) has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0048763
  D "Release of calcium ions from an intracellular vesicle on induction by increased calcium concentration."
obo:GO_0072345
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a channel that opens when nicotinic acid adenine dinucleotide phosphate (NAADP) has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0005219
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a channel that opens when a ryanodine class ligand has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0005231
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens when a specific extracellular excitatory ligand has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts. Excitatory ligands, such as acetylcholine or glutamate, open cation-selective channels."
obo:GO_0036081
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens when extracellular ammonia (NH3) has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0036082
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens when extracellular phenylacetaldehyde has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0005237
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens when a specific extracellular inhibitory ligand has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts. Inhibitory ligands, such as GABA or glycine, open chloride-selective channels."
obo:GO_0004970
  D "Catalysis of the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens when glutamate has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0005234
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens when extracellular glutamate has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0016933
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens when extracellular glycine has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0008068
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a chloride ion by a channel that opens when extracellular glutamate has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0004971
  D "An ionotropic glutamate receptor activity that exhibits fast gating by glutamate and acts by opening a cation channel permeable to sodium, potassium, and, in the absence of a GluR2 subunit, calcium."
obo:GO_0015277
  D "An ionotropic glutamate receptor activity that exhibits fast gating by glutamate, acts by opening a cation channel permeable to sodium and potassium, and for which kainate is an agonist."
obo:GO_0004972
  D "An ionotropic glutamate receptor activity that exhibits slow gating by glutamate, acts by opening a nonselective cation channel, and can be activated by L-aspartate."
obo:GO_0005221
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a cation by a channel that opens when intracellular cyclic nucleotide has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0097682
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of cations by a channel that opens when phosphatidylinositol-3,5-bisphosphate has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0005222
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a cation by a channel that opens when intracellular cAMP has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0005223
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a cation by a channel that opens when intracellular cGMP has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0015272
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by an inwardly-rectifying voltage-gated channel, where the inward rectification is due to a voltage-dependent block of the channel pore by ATP. An inwardly rectifying current-voltage relation is one where at any given driving force the inward flow of K+ ions exceeds the outward flow for the opposite driving force."
obo:GO_0015467
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by an inwardly-rectifying voltage-gated channel, where the inward rectification is due to a voltage-dependent block of the channel pore by a G protein. An inwardly rectifying current-voltage relation is one where at any given driving force the inward flow of K+ ions exceeds the outward flow for the opposite driving force."
obo:GO_0044736
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a sodium ion by a neuronal, voltage-insensitive channel that opens when a an extracellular proton has been bound by the channel complex."
obo:GO_0022824
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens when a specific neurotransmitter has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0022848
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a cation by a channel that opens when acetylcholine has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0022851
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a chloride ion by a channel that opens when GABA has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0022849
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a channel that opens when glutamate has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0022852
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a chloride ion by a channel that opens when glycine has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0022850
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a cation by a channel that opens when serotonin has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_1904315
  D "Any transmitter-gated ion channel activity that is involved in regulation of postsynaptic membrane potential."
obo:GO_0008381
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens in response to a mechanical stress."
obo:GO_0043854
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens in response to a mechanical stress and when a cyclic nucleotide has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0005244
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a voltage-gated channel. An ion is an atom or group of atoms carrying an electric charge by virtue of having gained or lost one or more electrons. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0022843
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a cation by a voltage-gated channel. A cation is a positively charged ion. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0005245
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a voltage-gated channel. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0005249
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by a voltage-gated channel. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0005248
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a sodium ion by a voltage-gated channel. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0008331
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a high voltage-gated channel. A high voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on high voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_1990028
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by an intermediate voltage-gated channel. An intermediate voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on intermediate voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0008332
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a low voltage-gated channel. A low voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on low voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086007
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a voltage-gated channel across the plasma membrane of a cardiac muscle cell that contributes to the depolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086056
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a voltage-gated channel across the plasma membrane of an AV node cardiac muscle cell that contributes to the depolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086057
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a voltage-gated channel across the plasma membrane of a bundle of His cardiac muscle cell that contributes to the depolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086058
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a voltage-gated channel across the plasma membrane of an Purkinje myocyte cell that contributes to the depolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086059
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a voltage-gated channel across the plasma membrane of an SA node cardiac muscle cell that contributes to the depolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0005251
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by a delayed rectifying voltage-gated channel. A delayed rectifying current-voltage relation is one where channel activation kinetics are time-dependent, and inactivation is slow."
obo:GO_0005252
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by an open rectifier voltage-gated channel. An open rectifier current-voltage relationship is one in which the direction of rectification depends on the external potassium ion concentration."
obo:GO_0015271
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by an outwardly-rectifying voltage-gated channel. An outwardly rectifying current-voltage relation is one where at any given driving force the outward flow of K+ ions exceeds the inward flow for the opposite driving force."
obo:GO_0086008
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by a voltage-gated channel through the plasma membrane of a cardiac muscle cell contributing to the repolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086041
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a sodium ion by a voltage-gated channel through the plasma membrane of an SA node cardiac muscle cell contributing to the depolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0005250
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by an outwardly-rectifying voltage-gated channel that produces a transient outward current upon a step change in membrane potential."
obo:GO_0086089
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by a voltage-gated channel through the plasma membrane of an atrial cardiomyocyte contributing to the repolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086086
  D "Catalysis of the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by a voltage-gated channel through the plasma membrane of an AV node cardiac muscle cell contributing to the repolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086087
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by a voltage-gated channel through the plasma membrane of a bundle of His cell contributing to the repolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086088
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by a voltage-gated channel through the plasma membrane of a Purkinje myocyte contributing to the repolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086090
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by a voltage-gated channel through the plasma membrane of an SA node cell contributing to the repolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_1902282
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by a voltage-gated channel through the plasma membrane of a ventricular cardiomyocyte contributing to the repolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086006
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a sodium ion by a voltage-gated channel through the plasma membrane of a cardiac muscle cell contributing to the depolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086060
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a sodium ion by a voltage-gated channel through the plasma membrane of an AV node cardiac muscle cell contributing to the depolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086061
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a sodium ion by a voltage-gated channel through the plasma membrane of a bundle of His cardiac muscle cell contributing to the depolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086062
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a sodium ion by a voltage-gated channel through the plasma membrane of a Purkinje myocyte contributing to the depolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0086063
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a sodium ion by a voltage-gated channel through the plasma membrane of an SA node cardiac muscle cell contributing to the depolarization phase of an action potential. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0034291
  D "A compound function consisting of the regulated formation of a pore via oligomerisation of an existing pool of subunits in the plasma membrane.  The resulting channel activity directly allows release of a fully-folded phage-encoded endolysin (murein-degradase) from the cell."
obo:GO_0034292
  D "A compound function consisting of the regulated formation of a pore via oligomerisation of an existing pool of subunits in the plasma membrane.  The resulting ion channel activity indirectly allows endolysin (murein hydrolyases) to access their cell wall substrate by collapsing the proton motive force (PMF) across the membrane, allowing the endolysin to fold to an active form and hydrolyze bonds in the peptidoglycan cell wall."
obo:GO_0022840
  D "Enables the transport of a solute across a membrane via a narrow pore channel that is open even in an unstimulated or 'resting' state."
obo:GO_0022831
  D "Enables the transport of a solute across a membrane via a narrow pore channel that opens in response to a particular stimulus."
obo:GO_0022841
  D "Enables the transport of a potassium ion across a membrane via a narrow pore channel that is open even in an unstimulated or 'resting' state."
obo:GO_0005243
  D "A wide pore channel activity that enables a direct cytoplasmic connection from one cell to an adjacent cell. The gap junction can pass large solutes as well as electrical signals between cells. Gap junctions consist of two gap junction hemi-channels, or connexons, one contributed by each membrane through which the gap junction passes."
obo:GO_0055077
  D "A wide pore channel activity that enables the transport of a solute across a membrane via a gap junction hemi-channel. Two gap junction hemi-channels coupled together form a complete gap junction."
obo:GO_0015288
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of substances, sized less than 1000 Da, from one side of the membrane to the other. The transmembrane portions of porins consist exclusively of beta-strands which form a beta-barrel. They are found in the outer membranes of Gram-negative bacteria, mitochondria, plastids and possibly acid-fast Gram-positive bacteria."
obo:GO_1903763
  D "Any gap junction channel activity that is involved in cell communication by electrical coupling."
obo:GO_0086075
  D "A wide pore channel activity that enables a direct cytoplasmic connection from one cardiomyocyte to an adjacent cardiomyocyte. The gap junction passes electrical signals between the cells contributing to cardiac conduction."
obo:GO_0086076
  D "A wide pore channel activity that enables a direct cytoplasmic connection from an atrial cardiomyocyte to an AV node cell. The gap junction passes electrical signals between the cells contributing to cardiac conduction."
obo:GO_0086077
  D "A wide pore channel activity that enables a direct cytoplasmic connection from an AV node cell to a bundle of His cell. The gap junction passes electrical signals between the cells contributing to cardiac conduction."
obo:GO_0086078
  D "A wide pore channel activity that enables a direct cytoplasmic connection from a bundle of His cell to a Purkinje myocyte. The gap junction passes electrical signals between the cells contributing to cardiac conduction."
obo:GO_0086079
  D "A wide pore channel activity that enables a direct cytoplasmic connection from a Purkinje myocyte to a ventricular cardiac muscle cell. The gap junction passes electrical signals between the cells contributing to cardiac conduction."
obo:GO_0086020
  D "A wide pore channel activity that enables a direct cytoplasmic connection from an SA node cell to an atrial cardiomyocyte. The gap junction passes electrical signals between the cells contributing to cardiac conduction."
obo:GO_0015473
  D "A porin that acts in the assembly of fimbria together with fimbrial chaperone."
obo:GO_0005315
  D "Enables the transfer of a inorganic phosphate from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0015605
  D "Enables the transfer of organophosphate esters from one side of a membrane to the other. Organophosphate esters are small organic molecules containing phosphate ester bonds."
obo:GO_0051408
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate(out) + phosphate(in) = glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate(in) + phosphate(out)."
obo:GO_0051407
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: glycerone phosphate(out) + phosphate(in) = glycerone phosphate(in) + phosphate(out)."
obo:GO_0015416
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + phosphonate(out) = ADP + phosphate + phosphonate(in). A phosphonate is any salt, anion, or ester of phosphonic acid (HPO(OH)2)."
obo:GO_0089721
  D "Enables the transfer of a phosphoenolpyruvate from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015121
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: phosphoenolpyruvate(out) + phosphate(in) = phosphoenolpyruvate(in) + phosphate(out)."
obo:GO_0015554
  D "Enables the transfer of tartrate from one side of the membrane to the other. Tartrate is the anion of 2,3-dihydroxybutanedioic acid, one of the aldaric acids. The L(+) enantiomer occurs widely in plants, especially in grape juice, and in fungi and bacteria."
obo:GO_0015551
  D "Enables the transfer of 3-hydroxyphenyl propanoate from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0042887
  D "Enables directed movement of an amide, any compound containing one, two, or three acyl groups attached to a nitrogen atom, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005275
  D "Enables the transfer of amines, including polyamines, from one side of the membrane to the other. Amines are organic compounds that are weakly basic in character and contain an amino (-NH2) or substituted amino group."
obo:GO_0080161
  D "Enables the transfer of auxins from one side of the membrane to the other. Auxins are plant hormones that regulate aspects of plant growth."
obo:GO_0035379
  D "Enables the transfer of carbon dioxide (CO2) from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0010290
  D "Enables the directed movement of chlorophyll catabolites such as non-fluorescent chlorophyll catabolites (NCCs), from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0042947
  D "Enables the transfer of glucosides from one side of the membrane to the other. Glucosides are glycosides in which the sugar group is a glucose residue."
obo:GO_0015075
  D "Enables the transfer of an ion from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0042971
  D "Enables the directed movement of lactone from one side of a membrane to the other. A lactone is a cyclic ester of a hydroxy carboxylic acid, containing a 1-oxacycloalkan-2-one structure, or an analogue having unsaturation or heteroatoms replacing one or more carbon atoms of the ring."
obo:GO_0022884
  D "Enables the transfer of a macromolecule from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0008504
  D "Enables the transfer of monoamines, organic compounds that contain one amino group that is connected to an aromatic ring by an ethylene group (-CH2-CH2-), from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0030184
  D "Enables the directed movement of nitric oxide, nitrogen monoxide, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015205
  D "Enables the transfer of a nucleobase, any nitrogenous base that is a constituent of a nucleoside, nucleotide, or nucleic acidfrom one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015932
  D "Enables the transfer of nucleobases, nucleosides, nucleotides and nucleic acids from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005342
  D "Enables the transfer of organic acids, any acidic compound containing carbon in covalent linkage, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015203
  D "Enables the transfer of polyamines, organic compounds containing two or more amino groups, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0022838
  D "Enables the energy-independent facilitated diffusion, mediated by passage of a specific solute through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel. Stereospecificity is not exhibited but this transport may be specific for a particular molecular species or class of molecules."
obo:GO_0071917
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a triose phosphate from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005372
  D "Enables the directed movement of water (H2O) from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015540
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: 3-hydroxyphenyl propionate(out) + H+(out) = 3-hydroxyphenyl propionate(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0005274
  D "Enables the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: allantoin(out) + H+(out) = allantoin(in) + H+(in) by secondary active transport."
obo:GO_1901479
  D "Enables the transfer of benomyl from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_1901603
  D "Enables the transfer of biotin from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_1901604
  D "Enables the transfer of dethiobiotin from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015233
  D "Enables the directed movement of pantothenate across a membrane. Pantothenate is the anion of pantothenic acid, the amide of beta-alanine and pantoic acid; it is a B complex vitamin that is a constituent of coenzyme A and is distributed ubiquitously in foods."
obo:GO_1904680
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of peptide from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015204
  D "Enables the directed movement of urea cross a membrane into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Urea is the water soluble compound H2N-CO-NH2."
obo:GO_0022885
  D "Enables the transfer of a bacteriocin from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015638
  D "Enables the transfer of a microcin from the outside of a cell to the inside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0015324
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of peptide-acetyl-CoA from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0042912
  D "Enables the transfer of a colicin from one side of a membrane to the other. Colicins are a group of antibiotics produced by E. coli and related species that are encoded by a group of naturally occurring plasmids, e.g. Col E1."
obo:GO_0042913
  D "Enables the transfer of group A colicins (colicins E1, E2, E3, A, K, and N) from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0033221
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: ATP + H2O + urea(out) = ADP + phosphate + urea(in)."
obo:GO_0031263
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: ATP + H2O + amine(out) = ADP + phosphate + amine(in)."
obo:GO_1901478
  D "Enables the transfer of amitrole from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005429
  D "Enables the transfer of amines across chromaffin granule membranes."
obo:GO_0015200
  D "Enables directed movement of methylammonium, CH3NH2, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0005430
  D "Enables the transfer of amines across synaptic vesicle membranes."
obo:GO_0015411
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + taurine(out) = ADP + phosphate + taurine(in)."
obo:GO_0015264
  D "Enables the selective, facilitated diffusion of methylammonium (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism. Methylammonium is CH3NH2."
obo:GO_0010328
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of auxin, from one side of a membrane to the other, into a cell."
obo:GO_0009672
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: auxin(out) + H+(out) = auxin(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_1902417
  D "Enables the transfer of (+)-abscisic acid D-glucopyranosyl ester from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015151
  D "Enables the transfer of alpha-glucosides from one side of the membrane to the other. Alpha-glucosides are glycosides in which the sugar group is a glucose residue, and the anomeric carbon of the bond is in an alpha configuration."
obo:GO_0015573
  D "Enables the transfer of beta-glucosides from one side of the membrane to the other. Beta-glucosides are glycosides in which the sugar group is a glucose residue, and the anomeric carbon of the bond is in a beta configuration."
obo:GO_0015574
  D "Enables the transfer of trehalose from one side of the membrane to the other. Trehalose is the disaccharide alpha-D-glucopyranosyl-alpha-D-glucopyranoside that acts of a reserve carbohydrate in certain fungi, algae and lichens."
obo:GO_0022879
  D "Catalysis of the PEP-dependent, phosphoryl transfer-driven transport of substances across a membrane. The transport happens by catalysis of the reaction: protein N-phosphohistidine + trehalose(out) = protein histidine + trehalose phosphate(in). This differs from primary and secondary active transport in that the solute is modified during transport."
obo:GO_0042951
  D "Enables the transfer of arbutin, a glycoside found in the bearberry and related plants which has been used to treat urinary-tract diseases, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0008509
  D "Enables the transfer of a negatively charged ion from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0042625
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of an ion from one side of a membrane to the other, driven by the reaction: ATP + H2O = ADP + phosphate."
obo:GO_0008324
  D "Enables the transfer of cation from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015296
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: anion(out) + cation(out) = anion(in) + cation(in)."
obo:GO_1901683
  D "Enables the transfer of an arsenate ion from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015103
  D "Enables the transfer of inorganic anions from one side of a membrane to the other. Inorganic anions are atoms or small molecules with a negative charge which do not contain carbon in covalent linkage."
obo:GO_0008514
  D "Enables the transfer of organic anions from one side of a membrane to the other. Organic anions are atoms or small molecules with a negative charge which contain carbon in covalent linkage."
obo:GO_0015377
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: cation(out) + Cl-(out) = cation(in) + Cl-(in)."
obo:GO_0005309
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: creatine(out) + Na+(out) = creatine(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0043882
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: malate(out) + Na+(out) = malate(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015373
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: monovalent anion(out) + Na+(out) = monovalent anion(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0009671
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: nitrate(out) + H+(out) = nitrate(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015533
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: shikimate(out) + H+(out) = shikimate(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015382
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sulfate(out) + Na+(out) = sulfate(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015379
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: K+(out) + Cl-(out) = K+(in) + Cl-(in)."
obo:GO_0015378
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Na+(out) + Cl-(out) = Na+(in) + Cl-(in)."
obo:GO_0008511
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Na+(out) + K+(out) + Cl-(out) = Na+(in) + K+(in) + Cl-(in)."
obo:GO_0008507
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: iodide(out) + Na+(out) = iodide(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015104
  D "Enables the transfer of antimonite from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015105
  D "Enables the transfer of arsenite from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015106
  D "Enables the transfer of bicarbonate from one side of a membrane to the other. Bicarbonate is the hydrogencarbonate ion, HCO3-."
obo:GO_0046715
  D "Enables the transport of borate across a membrane against the concentration gradient."
obo:GO_0015107
  D "Enables the transfer of chlorate, ClO3-, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015108
  D "Enables the transfer of chloride ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015109
  D "Enables the transfer of chromate from one side of a membrane to the other. Chromate is the anion of chromic acid, H2CrO4 (aq) or CrO3."
obo:GO_0015110
  D "Enables the transfer of cyanate, NCO-, the anion of cyanic acid, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_1903425
  D "Enables the transfer of fluoride from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0030504
  D "Enables the transfer of inorganic diphosphate across a membrane."
obo:GO_0015111
  D "Enables the transfer of iodide ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015098
  D "Enables the transfer of molybdate (MoO4 2-) ions from one side of a membrane to the other. Molybdate is the bivalent anion derived from molybdic acid."
obo:GO_0015112
  D "Enables the transfer of nitrate ions (NO3-) from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015113
  D "Enables the transfer of nitrite (NO2-) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015114
  D "Enables the transfer of phosphate (PO4 3-) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015115
  D "Enables the transfer of silicates from one side of a membrane to the other. Silicates are the salts of silicic acids, and are usually composed of silicon and oxygen (Si[x]O[y]), one or more metals, and possibly hydrogen. Types of silicate include unisilicates, metasilicates and hydrous silicates."
obo:GO_0015116
  D "Enables the transfer of sulfate ions, SO4(2-), from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0000319
  D "Enables the transfer of sulfite ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015118
  D "Enables the transfer of tellurite from one side of a membrane to the other. Tellurite is a salt of tellurous acid or an oxide of tellurium which occurs sparingly in tufts of white or yellowish crystals."
obo:GO_0015117
  D "Enables the transfer of thiosulfate ions, S2O3(2-), from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_1901237
  D "Enables the transfer of tungstate from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0042960
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of antimonite from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0042961
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + antimonite(in) = ADP + phosphate + antimonite(out)."
obo:GO_0008490
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of arsenite from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0015446
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + arsenite(in) = ADP + phosphate + arsenite(out)."
obo:GO_0008555
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Cl-(out) = ADP + phosphate + Cl-(in)."
obo:GO_0015412
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + molybdate(out) = ADP + phosphate + molybdate(in)."
obo:GO_0080054
  D "Enables the transfer of nitrate ions (NO3-) from one side of a membrane to the other. In low-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute only if it is present at very high concentrations."
obo:GO_0010542
  D "Enables the transfer of nitrate from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0015414
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + nitrate(out) = ADP + phosphate + nitrate(in)."
obo:GO_0015514
  D "Enables the transfer of nitrite from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0015513
  D "Enables the transfer of nitrite from the outside of a cell to the inside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0048249
  D "Enables the transfer of phosphate from one side of the membrane to the other. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0015318
  D "Enables the transfer of an inorganic solute from the outside of a cell to the inside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0009673
  D "Enables the transfer of phosphate from one side of the membrane to the other. In low-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute only if it is present at very high concentrations."
obo:GO_0015315
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: organophosphate(out) + inorganic phosphate(in) = organophosphate(in) + inorganic phosphate(out)."
obo:GO_0015320
  D "Enables the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: phosphate (cyt) + H+ (cyt) = phosphate (mitochondrion) + H+ (mitochondrion)."
obo:GO_0015415
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + phosphate(out) = ADP + phosphate + phosphate(in)."
obo:GO_0015317
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: phosphate(out) + H+(out) = phosphate(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015321
  D "Enables the transfer of phosphate (PO4 3-) ions from one side of a membrane to the other, requiring sodium ions."
obo:GO_0008524
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: glucose 6-phosphate(out) + phosphate(in) = glucose 6-phosphate(in) + phosphate(out)."
obo:GO_0015419
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + sulfate(out) = ADP + phosphate + sulfate(in)."
obo:GO_0015654
  D "Enables the transfer of tellurite from the outside of a cell to the inside across a membrane: tellurite(out) + H+(out) = tellurite(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_1902557
  D "Enables the transfer of 5'-adenylyl sulfate from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0080122
  D "Enables the transfer of AMP, adenosine monophosphate, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005347
  D "Enables the transfer of ATP, adenosine triphosphate, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005456
  D "Enables the transfer of a CMP-N-acetylneuraminate from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0034634
  D "Enables the directed movement of glutathione, the tripeptide glutamylcysteinylglycine, across a membrane into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0005340
  D "Enables the transfer of nucleotide-sulfate from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015498
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: pantothenate(out) + Na+(out) = pantothenate(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0031926
  D "Enables the directed movement of pyridoxal phosphate into, out of or within a cell, or between cells; pyridoxal phosphate is pyridoxal phosphorylated at the hydroxymethyl group of C-5, and is the active form of vitamin B6."
obo:GO_0043250
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of organic anions from one side of a membrane to the other, in a sodium dependent manner."
obo:GO_0015347
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of organic anions from one side of a membrane to the other, in a sodium independent manner."
obo:GO_0043225
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + anion(out) = ADP + phosphate + anion(in)."
obo:GO_0015662
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O = ADP + phosphate, to directly drive the transport of ions across a membrane. The reaction is characterized by the transient formation of a high-energy aspartyl-phosphoryl-enzyme intermediate."
obo:GO_0044769
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of ions from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + ion(in) = ADP + phosphate + ion(out), by a rotational mechanism."
obo:GO_0032146
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + thiosulfate(out) = ADP + phosphate + thiosulfate(in)."
obo:GO_0043682
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Cu2+ = ADP + phosphate + Cu2+, directly driving the transport of the copper ions across a membrane."
obo:GO_0015444
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Mg2+(out) -> ADP + phosphate + Mg2+(in)."
obo:GO_0008556
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + K+(out) = ADP + phosphate + K+(in)."
obo:GO_0004008
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Cu2+(in) -> ADP + phosphate + Cu2+(out)."
obo:GO_0008900
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + H+(in) + K+(out) = ADP + phosphate + H+(out) + K+(in)."
obo:GO_0005391
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Na+(in) + K+(out) = ADP + phosphate + Na+(out) + K+(in)."
obo:GO_0086037
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Na+(in) + K+(out) = ADP + phosphate + Na+(out) + K+(in), that contributes to regulating the membrane potential of a cardiac muscle cell."
obo:GO_0046933
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of protons from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ADP + H2O + phosphate + H+(in) = ATP + H+(out), by a rotational mechanism."
obo:GO_0046961
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of protons from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + H+(in) = ADP + phosphate + H+(out), by a rotational mechanism."
obo:GO_0046932
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ADP + phosphate + Na+(out) = ATP + H2O + Na+(in), by a rotational mechanism."
obo:GO_0019829
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + cation(out) = ADP + phosphate + cation(in)."
obo:GO_0022890
  D "Enables the transfer of inorganic cations from one side of a membrane to the other. Inorganic cations are atoms or small molecules with a positive charge that do not contain carbon in covalent linkage."
obo:GO_0005302
  D "Enables the transfer of L-tyrosine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-tyrosine is 2-amino-3-(4-hydroxyphenyl)propanoic acid."
obo:GO_0043865
  D "Enables the transfer of methionine from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015101
  D "Enables the transfer of organic cations from one side of a membrane to the other. Organic cations are atoms or small molecules with a positive charge that contain carbon in covalent linkage."
obo:GO_0032523
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of silicon from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0015298
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: solute(out) + cation(in) = solute(in) + cation(out)."
obo:GO_0015294
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: solute(out) + cation(out) = solute(in) + cation(in)."
obo:GO_0033266
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: ATP + H2O = ADP + phosphate, to directly drive the transport of choline across a membrane."
obo:GO_1901242
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + doxorubicin(in) = ADP + phosphate + doxorubicin(out)."
obo:GO_0015408
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Fe3+(out) = ADP + phosphate + Fe3+(in)."
obo:GO_0036442
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of protons from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + H+(in) -> ADP + phosphate + H+(out)."
obo:GO_0046962
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Na+(in) = ADP + phosphate + Na+(out), by a rotational mechanism."
obo:GO_0016463
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Zn2+(in) -> ADP + phosphate + Zn2+(out)."
obo:GO_0008553
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of protons from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + H+(in) -> ADP + phosphate + H+(out). These transporters use a phosphorylative mechanism, which have a phosphorylated intermediate state during the ion transport cycle."
obo:GO_0072509
  D "Enables the transfer of inorganic cations with a valency of two from one side of the membrane to the other. Inorganic cations are atoms or small molecules with a positive charge that do not contain carbon in covalent linkage."
obo:GO_0046873
  D "Enables the transfer of metal ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015077
  D "Enables the transfer of a inorganic cations with a valency of one from one side of a membrane to the other. Inorganic cations are atoms or small molecules with a positive charge that do not contain carbon in covalent linkage."
obo:GO_0072510
  D "Enables the transfer of inorganic cations with a valency of three from one side of the membrane to the other. Inorganic cations are atoms or small molecules with a positive charge that do not contain carbon in covalent linkage."
obo:GO_0015086
  D "Enables the transfer of cadmium (Cd) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015093
  D "Enables the transfer of ferrous iron (Fe(II) or Fe2+) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015097
  D "Enables the transfer of mercury (Hg) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0008551
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Cd2+(in) -> ADP + phosphate + Cd2+(out)."
obo:GO_0015434
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Cd (cytosol) = ADP + phosphate + Cd (vacuole)."
obo:GO_0015639
  D "Enables the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Fe2+(out) + energy = Fe2+(in)."
obo:GO_0015083
  D "Enables the transfer of aluminum (Al) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015085
  D "Enables the transfer of calcium (Ca) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015094
  D "Enables the transfer of lead (Pb) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015095
  D "Enables the transfer of magnesium (Mg) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015079
  D "Enables the transfer of potassium ions (K+) from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015081
  D "Enables the transfer of sodium ions (Na+) from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0046915
  D "Enables the transfer of transition metal ions from one side of a membrane to the other. A transition metal is an element whose atom has an incomplete d-subshell of extranuclear electrons, or which gives rise to a cation or cations with an incomplete d-subshell. Transition metals often have more than one valency state. Biologically relevant transition metals include vanadium, manganese, iron, copper, cobalt, nickel, molybdenum and silver."
obo:GO_0005262
  D "Enables the selective, facilitated diffusion of a calcium ion (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0005388
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Ca2+(cis) = ADP + phosphate + Ca2+(trans)."
obo:GO_0015275
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a channel that opens in response to a mechanical stress in the form of stretching."
obo:GO_0097364
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a channel that opens in response to a mechanical stress in the form of stretching, and contributing to the regulation of action potential."
obo:GO_0097365
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a channel that opens in response to a mechanical stress in the form of stretching, and contributing to the regulation of action potential in a cardiac muscle cell."
obo:GO_0086039
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a cardiac muscle cell plasma membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Ca2+(cis) = ADP + phosphate + Ca2+(trans). The transfer contributes to the regulation of the plasma membrane potential."
obo:GO_0015503
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: K+(in) + H+(out) = K+(out) + H+(in), where glutathione maintains the closed state."
obo:GO_0005267
  D "Enables the selective, facilitated diffusion of a potassium ion (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0022821
  D "Catalysis of the active transport of a potassium ion across a membrane by a mechanism whereby two or more species are transported in opposite directions in a tightly coupled process not directly linked to a form of energy other than chemiosmotic energy."
obo:GO_0022820
  D "Catalysis of the active transport of a potassium ion across a membrane by a mechanism whereby two or more species are transported together in the same direction in a tightly coupled process not directly linked to a form of energy other than chemiosmotic energy."
obo:GO_0022819
  D "Catalysis of the active transport of a potassium ion across a membrane by a mechanism involving conformational change, where energy for active transport is derived from membrane potential if the solute is charged."
obo:GO_0098782
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a potassium ion by a channel that opens in response to a mechanical stress."
obo:GO_0008273
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Ca2+(in) + K+(in) + Na+(out) = Ca2+(out) + K+(out) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0017032
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: amino acid(out) + K+(out) = amino acid(in) + K+(in)."
obo:GO_0009674
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: K+(out) + Na+(out) = K+(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0005432
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Ca2+(in) + Na+(out) = Ca2+(out) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0043887
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: melibiose(out) + Na+(out) = melibiose(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0005272
  D "Enables selective, facilitated diffusion of a sodium ion (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0022818
  D "Catalysis of the active transport of a sodium ion across a membrane by a mechanism involving conformational change, where energy for active transport is derived from membrane potential if the solute is charged."
obo:GO_0008554
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Na+(in) -> ADP + phosphate + Na+(out); by a phosphorylative mechanism."
obo:GO_0008510
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Na+(out) + HCO3-(out) = Na+(in) + HCO3-(in)."
obo:GO_0005436
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Na+(out) + phosphate(out) = Na+(in) + phosphate(in)."
obo:GO_0086038
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Ca2+(in) + Na+(out) = Ca2+(out) + Na+(in), which contributes to regulating the membrane potential of a cardiac muscle cell."
obo:GO_0015319
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Na+(out) + inorganic phosphate(out) = Na+(in) + inorganic phosphate(in)."
obo:GO_0070835
  D "Enables the transfer of chromium (Cr) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015087
  D "Enables the transfer of cobalt (Co) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005375
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of copper (Cu) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005381
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of iron (Fe) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005384
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of manganese (Mn) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0042888
  D "Enables the transfer of molybdenum (Mo) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015099
  D "Enables the transfer of nickel (Ni) cations from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015100
  D "Enables the transfer of vanadium (V) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005385
  D "Enables the transfer of zinc (Zn) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0032778
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + cobalt(out) = ADP + phosphate + cobalt(in)."
obo:GO_0051981
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a copper chelate from one side of a membrane to the other. A copper chelate is a heterocyclic compound having a metal ion attached by coordinate bonds to at least two nonmetal ions."
obo:GO_0015088
  D "Enables the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Cu+(out) = Cu+(in)."
obo:GO_0015089
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Cu2+(out) = Cu2+(in). In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0051982
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of the copper chelate copper-nicotianamine (Cu-NA) from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015091
  D "Enables the transfer of ferric iron (Fe(III) or Fe3+) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0097689
  D "Enables selective, facilitated diffusion of an iron ion (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0015090
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Fe2+(out) = Fe2+(in). In low-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute only if it is present at very high concentrations."
obo:GO_0015621
  D "Enables the transfer of ferric triacetylfusarinine C from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015092
  D "Enables the transfer of Fe(III) from the outside of a cell to the inside of a cell across a membrane. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0033569
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of lactoferrin from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0033570
  D "Enables the transfer of transferrin from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015410
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Mn2+(out) = ADP + phosphate + Mn2+(in)."
obo:GO_0044750
  D "Catalysis of the high-affinity transfer of nickel (Ni) cations from one side of a membrane to the other. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0015413
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Ni2+(out) = ADP + phosphate + Ni2+(in)."
obo:GO_0000006
  D "Enables the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Zn2+(out) = Zn2+(in), probably powered by proton motive force. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0000007
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Zn2+ = Zn2+, probably powered by proton motive force. In low-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute only if it is present at very high concentrations."
obo:GO_0022883
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a zinc ion or zinc ions from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0015633
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Zn2+(out) = ADP + phosphate + Zn2+(in)."
obo:GO_0015341
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a zinc ion or zinc ions from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane: Zn2+(out) = Zn2+(in). The activity is driven by proton motive force."
obo:GO_0008519
  D "Enables the transfer of ammonium from one side of a membrane to the other. Ammonium is the cation NH4+ which is formed from N2 by root-nodule bacteria in leguminous plants and is an excretory product in ammonotelic animals."
obo:GO_0015078
  D "Enables the transfer of hydrogen ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0035827
  D "Enables the transfer of rubidium ions (Rb+) from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015080
  D "Enables the transfer of silver (Ag) ions from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005277
  D "Enables the transfer of acetylcholine from one side of the membrane to the other. Acetylcholine is an acetic acid ester of the organic base choline and functions as a neurotransmitter, released at the synapses of parasympathetic nerves and at neuromuscular junctions."
obo:GO_0015199
  D "Enables the transfer of betaine, the N-trimethyl derivative of an amino acid, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015490
  D "Enables the transfer of cadaverine, 1,5-pentanediamine, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015220
  D "Enables the transfer of choline from one side of the membrane to the other. Choline (2-hydroxyethyltrimethylammonium) is an amino alcohol that occurs widely in living organisms as a constituent of certain types of phospholipids and in the neurotransmitter acetylcholine."
obo:GO_0015400
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of ammonium from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport. In low-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute only if it is present at very high concentrations."
obo:GO_0015489
  D "Enables the transfer of putrescine from one side of the membrane to the other. Putrescine is 1,4-diaminobutane, the polyamine formed by decarboxylation of ornithine and the metabolic precursor of spermidine and spermine."
obo:GO_0005278
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: H+(out) + acetylcholine(in) = H+(in) + acetylcholine(out)."
obo:GO_0031458
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: ATP + H2O + a betaine(out) = ADP + phosphate + a betaine(in)."
obo:GO_0031459
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: ATP + H2O + glycine betaine(out) = ADP + phosphate + glycine betaine(in)."
obo:GO_0043861
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: agmatine(out) + putrescine(in) = agmatine(in) + putrescine(out)."
obo:GO_0003957
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: NADPH + H+ + NAD+ = NADP+ + NADH + H+, driving the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other. In the course of the reaction (left to right) one H atom is transferred from inside the cell to outside. The reaction is B-specific (i.e. the pro-S hydrogen is transferred from the 4-position of reduced nicotinamide cofactor) with respect to both NAD+ and NADP+."
obo:GO_0015299
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: solute(out) + H+(in) = solute(in) + H+(out)."
obo:GO_0042962
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: H+(out) + acridine(in) = H+(in) + acridine(out)."
obo:GO_0015307
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: H+(out) + drug(in) = H+(in) + drug(out)."
obo:GO_0051139
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: metal ion(in) + H+(out) = metal ion(out) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015311
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: H+(out) + monoamine(in) = H+(in) + monoamine(out)."
obo:GO_0005451
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: monovalent cation(out) + H+(in) = monovalent cation(in) + H+(out)."
obo:GO_0015312
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: H+(out) + polyamine(in) = H+(in) + polyamine(out)."
obo:GO_0005276
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a vesicle membrane to the other according to the reaction: H+(in) + amino acid(out) = H+(out) + amino acid(in)."
obo:GO_0015308
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: H+(out) + amiloride(in) = H+(in) + amiloride(out)."
obo:GO_0015310
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: H+(out) + benomyl(in) = H+(in) + benomyl(out)."
obo:GO_0015309
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: H+(out) + cycloheximide(in) = H+(in) + cycloheximide(out)."
obo:GO_0015369
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Ca2+(in) + H+(out) = Ca2+(out) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0010486
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Mn2+(in) + H+(out) = Mn2+(out) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0010348
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Li+(in) + H+(out) = Li+(out) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015386
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: K+(in) + H+(out) = K+(out) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015385
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Na+(out) + H+(in) = Na+(in) + H+(out)."
obo:GO_0086040
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a cardiac muscle cell membrane to the other according to the reaction: Na+(out) + H+(in) = Na+(in) + H+(out). This transfer contributes to the regulation of the cardiac muscle cell plasma membrane potential."
obo:GO_0015445
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + Ag+(in) -> ADP + phosphate + Ag+(out)."
obo:GO_0048474
  D "Enables the transfer of D-methionine from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_1901243
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + methionine(in) = ADP + phosphate + methionine(out)."
obo:GO_1990240
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of methionine into a cell or organelle, across a membrane."
obo:GO_0033232
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + D-methionine(out/in) = ADP + phosphate + D-methionine(in/out)."
obo:GO_0034228
  D "Enables the transfer of ethanolamine from one side of the membrane to the other. Ethanolamine (2-aminoethanol, monoethanolamine) is an amino alcohol that occurs widely in living organisms as a constituent of certain types of phospholipids, such as phosphatidylethanolamine."
obo:GO_0015651
  D "Enables the transfer of quaternary ammonium groups from one side of a membrane to the other. Quaternary ammonium groups are any compound that can be regarded as derived from ammonium hydroxide or an ammonium salt by replacement of all four hydrogen atoms of the NH4+ ion by organic groups."
obo:GO_0008513
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of organic cations from one side of the membrane to the other, up the solute's concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction."
obo:GO_0015606
  D "Enables the transfer of spermidine, N-(3-aminopropyl)-1,4-diaminobutane, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0010175
  D "Enables the transfer of amino alcohol sphingosine from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_1901236
  D "Enables the transfer of 4-(trimethylammonio)butanoate from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015227
  D "Enables the directed movement of acyl carnitine across a membrane. Acyl carnitine is the condensation product of a carboxylic acid and carnitine and is the transport form for a fatty acid crossing the mitochondrial membrane."
obo:GO_0015652
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: quaternary ammonium group(out) + H+(out) = quaternary ammonium group(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015653
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: glycine betaine(out) + H+(out) = glycine betaine(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015595
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: ATP + H2O + spermidine(out) -> ADP + phosphate + spermidine(in)."
obo:GO_0015491
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: cation A(out) + cation B(in) = cation A(in) + cation B(out)."
obo:GO_0043862
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: arginine(out) + agmatine(in) = arginine(in) + agmatine(out)."
obo:GO_0043858
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: arginine(out) + ornithine(in) = arginine(in) + ornithine(out)."
obo:GO_0015368
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: Ca2+(in) + cation(out) = Ca2+(out) + cation(in)."
obo:GO_0070907
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: histidine(out) + histamine(in) = histidine(in) + histamine(out)."
obo:GO_0043872
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: lysine(out) + cadaverine(in) = lysine(in) + cadaverine(out)."
obo:GO_0070908
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: tyrosine(out) + tyramine(in) = tyrosine(in) + tyramine(out)."
obo:GO_0005352
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: alpha-glucoside(out) + H+(out) = alpha-glucoside(in) + H+(in). Alpha-glucosides include trehalose, maltose, turanose, isomaltose, alpha-methylglucoside, maltotriose, palatinose, trehalose and melezitose."
obo:GO_0005402
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sugar(out) + cation(out) = sugar(in) + cation(in)."
obo:GO_0044670
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sodium(out)+ alanine(out) = sodium(in) + alanine(in)."
obo:GO_0044669
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sodium(out)+ galactoside(out) = sodium(in) + galactoside(in)."
obo:GO_0044668
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sodium(out)+ malonate(out) = sodium(in) + malonate(in)."
obo:GO_0015295
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: solute(out) + H+(out) = solute(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015370
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: solute(out) + Na+(out) = solute(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015649
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: 2-keto-3-deoxygluconate(out) + H+(out) = 2-keto-3-deoxygluconate(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015486
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: (glycoside, pentoside or hexuronide)(out) + monovalent cation(out) = (glycoside, pentoside or hexuronide)(in) + monovalent cation(in). The cation is Na+, Li+ or H+."
obo:GO_0015306
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sialate(out) + cation(out) = sialate(in) + cation(in)."
obo:GO_0015360
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: acetate(out) + H+(out) = acetate(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015345
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ferric enterobactin(out) + H+(out) = ferric enterobactin(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0090448
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: glucosinolate(out) + H+(out) = glucosinolate(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0005280
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: amino acid(out) + H+(out) = amino acid(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0005366
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: myo-inositol(out) + H+(out) = myo-inositol(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015387
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: K+(out) + H+(out) = K+(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0097079
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: selenite(out) + H+(out) = selenite(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0005351
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sugar(out) + H+(out) = sugar(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0008512
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sulfate(out) + H+(out) = sulfate(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015494
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: aromatic amino acid(out) + H+(out) = aromatic amino acid(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015495
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: gamma-aminobutyric acid(out) + H+(out) = gamma-aminobutyric acid(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0005297
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: proline(out) + H+(out) = proline(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015493
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: lysine(out) + H+(out) = lysine(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015523
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of arabinose from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane: H+(out) + arabinose(in) = H+(in) + arabinose(out)."
obo:GO_0015518
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: arabinose(out) + H+(out) = arabinose(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015519
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: D-xylose(out) + H+(out) = D-xylose(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015539
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: hexuronate(out) + cation(out) = hexuronate(in) + cation(in). The hexuronate may be glucuronate or galacturonate."
obo:GO_0015528
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: lactose(out) + H+(out) = lactose(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0005364
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: maltose(out) + H+(out) = maltose(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015529
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: raffinose(out) + H+(out) = raffinose(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015542
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sugar(in) = sugar(out)."
obo:GO_0044693
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: trehalose(out) + H+(out) = trehalose(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0009675
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sulfate(out) + H+(out) = sulfate(in) + H+(in). In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0009676
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sulfate(out) + H+(out) = sulfate(in) + H+(in). In low-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute only if it is present at very high concentrations."
obo:GO_0005307
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: choline(out) + Na+(out) = choline(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015371
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: galactose(out) + Na+(out) = glucose(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0005314
  D "Enables the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: glutamate(out) + H+(out) = glutamate(in) + H+(in). In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0005316
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: HPO42-(out) + Na+(out) = HPO42-(in) + Na+(in). In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0005367
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: myo-inositol(out) + Na+(out) = myo-inositol(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0005415
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: nucleoside(out) + Na+(out) = nucleoside(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015401
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: urea(out) + Na+(out) = urea(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015221
  D "Enables the transfer of lipopolysaccharides from one side of the membrane to the other. A lipopolysaccharide is any of a group of related, structurally complex components of the outer membrane of Gram-negative bacteria. Lipopolysaccharides consist three covalently linked regions, lipid A, core oligosaccharide, and an O side chain. Lipid A is responsible for the toxicity of the lipopolysaccharide."
obo:GO_0051032
  D "Enables the transfer of nucleic acids from one side of a membrane to the other. Nucleic acids are single or double-stranded polynucleotides involved in the storage, transmission and transfer of genetic information."
obo:GO_0015159
  D "Enables the transfer of polysaccharides from one side of the membrane to the other. A polysaccharide is a polymer of many (typically more than 10) monosaccharide residues linked glycosidically."
obo:GO_0008320
  D "Enables the transfer of a protein from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015437
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + lipopolysaccharide(in) = ADP + phosphate + lipopolysaccharide(out)."
obo:GO_0051035
  D "Enables the transfer of DNA, deoxyribonucleic acid, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0051033
  D "Enables the transfer of RNA, ribonucleic acid, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0051034
  D "Enables the transfer of tRNA, transfer ribonucleic acid, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0042901
  D "Enables the transfer of an arabinan, a polysaccharide composed of arabinose residues, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015160
  D "Enables the transfer of beta-glucans from one side of the membrane to the other. Beta-glucans are compounds composed of glucose residues linked by beta-glucosidic bonds."
obo:GO_0015161
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of capsular-polysaccharides from one side of the membrane to the other. Capsular polysaccharides make up the capsule, a protective structure surrounding some species of bacteria and fungi."
obo:GO_0042957
  D "Enables the transfer of dextrin, any one, or the mixture, of the intermediate polysaccharides formed during the hydrolysis of starch, which are dextrorotatory, soluble in water, and precipitable in alcohol, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0042958
  D "Enables the transfer of maltodextrin, any polysaccharide of glucose residues in beta-(1,4) linkage, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015441
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + beta-glucan(in) = ADP + phosphate + beta-glucan(out)."
obo:GO_0015436
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + capsular polysaccharide(in) = ADP + phosphate + capsular polysaccharide(out)."
obo:GO_0015557
  D "Enables the directed movement of fully folded proteins into, out of or within a cell, or between cells, by targeting the proteins to the transporter via a specialized N-terminal twin arginine signal peptide."
obo:GO_0015450
  D "Primary active carrier-mediated transport of a protein across a membrane, driven by the hydrolysis of the diphosphate bond of inorganic pyrophosphate, ATP, or another nucleoside triphosphate. The transport protein may or may not be transiently phosphorylated, but the substrate is not phosphorylated."
obo:GO_0015266
  D "Enables the energy-independent facilitated diffusion, mediated by passage of proteins through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel."
obo:GO_0015219
  D "Enables the transfer of protein-DNA complexes from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015474
  D "Transports a passenger protein from the periplasm to the external milieu; the passenger protein and the porin are the N- and C-terminal regions of the same protein, respectively."
obo:GO_0015475
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of adhesin from the periplasm to the external milieu; the adhesin and the porin are the N- and C-terminal regions of the same protein, respectively."
obo:GO_0015476
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of hemaglutinin from the periplasm to the external milieu; the hemaglutinin and the porin are the N- and C-terminal regions of the same protein, respectively."
obo:GO_0005329
  D "Enables the transfer of dopamine from one side of the membrane to the other. Dopamine is a catecholamine neurotransmitter and a metabolic precursor of noradrenaline and adrenaline."
obo:GO_0005333
  D "Enables the transfer of norepinephrine from one side of the membrane to the other. Norepinephrine (3,4-dihydroxyphenyl-2-aminoethanol) is a hormone secreted by the adrenal medulla and a neurotransmitter in the sympathetic peripheral nervous system and in some tracts of the CNS. It is also the biosynthetic precursor of epinephrine."
obo:GO_0015391
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: nucleobase(out) + cation(out) = nucleobase(in) + cation(in)."
obo:GO_0005345
  D "Enables the transfer of purine nucleobases, one of the two classes of nitrogen-containing ring compounds found in DNA and RNA, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005350
  D "Enables the transfer of pyrimidine nucleobases, one of the two classes of nitrogen-containing ring compounds found in DNA and RNA, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015505
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: uracil(out) + cation(out) = uracil(in) + cation(in)."
obo:GO_0015207
  D "Enables the transfer of adenine, 6-aminopurine, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015208
  D "Enables the transfer of guanine, 2-amino-6-hydroxypurine, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015389
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: (pyrimidine nucleoside or adenine)(out) + Na+(out) = (pyrimidine nucleoside or adenine)(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0042907
  D "Enables the transfer of xanthine from one side of a membrane to the other. Xanthine (2,6-dihydroxypurine) is a purine formed in the metabolic breakdown of guanine, but is not present in nucleic acids."
obo:GO_0015209
  D "Enables the transfer of cytosine, 4-amino-2-hydroxypyrimidine from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015210
  D "Enables the transfer of uracil, 2,4-dioxopyrimidine, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015504
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: cytosine(out) + H+(out) = cytosine(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0005337
  D "Enables the transfer of a nucleoside, a nucleobase linked to either beta-D-ribofuranose (ribonucleoside) or 2-deoxy-beta-D-ribofuranose, (a deoxyribonucleotide) from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015215
  D "Enables the transfer of a nucleotide, any compound consisting of a nucleoside that is esterified with (ortho)phosphate, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0034257
  D "Enables the transfer of nicotinamide riboside, which is a pyridine-3-carboxamide covalently bonded to a ribose sugar, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015395
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a nucleoside, from one side of a membrane to the other, down the concentration gradient."
obo:GO_0015471
  D "Enables the energy independent passage of nucleoside, sized less than 1000 Da, across a membrane. The transmembrane portions of porins consist exclusively of beta-strands which form a beta-barrel. They are found in the outer membranes of Gram-negative bacteria, mitochondria, plastids and possibly acid-fast Gram-positive bacteria."
obo:GO_0015506
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: nucleoside(out) + H+(out) = nucleoside(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015211
  D "Enables the transfer of a purine nucleoside, a purine base covalently bonded to a ribose or deoxyribose sugar, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015214
  D "Enables the transfer of a pyrimidine nucleoside, a pyrimidine base covalently bonded to a ribose or deoxyribose sugar from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015394
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: uridine(out) + H+(out) = uridine(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015390
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: purine(out) + Na+(out) = nucleoside(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015553
  D "Enables the transfer of xanthosine, xanthine riboside, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015537
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: xanthosine(out) + H+(out) = xanthosine(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015212
  D "Enables the transfer of cytidine, cytosine riboside, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015213
  D "Enables the transfer of uridine, uracil riboside, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0030233
  D "Catalyzes transport of all four deoxy (d) NDPs, and, less efficiently, the corresponding dNTPs, in exchange for dNDPs, ADP, or ATP."
obo:GO_1901368
  D "Enables the transfer of NAD from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005338
  D "Enables the transfer of a nucleotide-sugar from one side of the membrane to the other. A nucleotide-sugar is any nucleotide in which the distal phosphoric residue of a nucleoside 5'-diphosphate is in glycosidic linkage with a monosaccharide or monosaccharide derivative."
obo:GO_0015216
  D "Enables the transfer of a purine nucleotide, any compound consisting of a purine nucleoside esterified with (ortho)phosphate, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015218
  D "Enables the transfer of a pyrimidine nucleotide, any compound consisting of a pyrimidine nucleoside esterified with (ortho)phosphate, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0036080
  D "Enables the transfer of a purine nucleotide-sugar from one side of the membrane to the other. Purine nucleotide-sugars are purine nucleotides in glycosidic linkage with a monosaccharide or monosaccharide derivative."
obo:GO_0015165
  D "Enables the transfer of a pyrimidine nucleotide-sugar from one side of the membrane to the other. Pyrimidine nucleotide-sugars are pyrimidine nucleotides in glycosidic linkage with a monosaccharide or monosaccharide derivative."
obo:GO_0005457
  D "Enables the transfer of a GDP-fucose from one side of the membrane to the other. GDP-fucose is a substance composed of fucose in glycosidic linkage with guanosine diphosphate."
obo:GO_0005458
  D "Enables the transfer of a GDP-mannose from one side of the membrane to the other. GDP-mannose is a substance composed of mannose in glycosidic linkage with guanosine diphosphate."
obo:GO_0005459
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a UDP-galactose from one side of the membrane to the other. UDP-galactose is a substance composed of galactose in glycosidic linkage with uridine diphosphate."
obo:GO_0005460
  D "Enables the transfer of a UDP-glucose from one side of the membrane to the other. UDP-glucose is a substance composed of glucose in glycosidic linkage with uridine diphosphate."
obo:GO_0005461
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a UDP-glucuronic acid from one side of the membrane to the other. UDP-glucuronic acid is a substance composed of glucuronic acid in glycosidic linkage with uridine diphosphate."
obo:GO_0005463
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a N-acetylgalactosamine from one side of the membrane to the other. N-acetylgalactosamine is a substance composed of N-acetylgalactosamine, a common structural unit of oligosaccharides, in glycosidic linkage with uridine diphosphate."
obo:GO_0005462
  D "Enables the transfer of a UDP-N-acetylglucosamine from one side of the membrane to the other. N-acetylglucosamine is a substance composed of N-acetylglucosamine, a common structural unit of oligosaccharides, in glycosidic linkage with uridine diphosphate."
obo:GO_0005464
  D "Enables the transfer of UDP-xylose from one side of the membrane to the other. UDP-xylose is a substance composed of xylose in glycosidic linkage with uridine diphosphate."
obo:GO_0000295
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of adenine nucleotides (AMP, ADP, and ATP) from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0001409
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of guanine nucleotides (GMP, GDP, and GTP) from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005346
  D "Enables the transfer of a purine ribonucleotide, any compound consisting of a purine ribonucleoside (a purine organic base attached to a ribose sugar) esterified with (ortho)phosphate, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0010292
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: GTP(out) + GDP(in) = GTP(in) + GDP(out)."
obo:GO_0071077
  D "Enables the transfer of adenosine 3',5'-bisphosphate from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015217
  D "Enables the transfer of ADP, adenosine diphosphate, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015228
  D "Enables the directed movement of coenzyme A across a membrane into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Coenzyme A, 3'-phosphoadenosine-(5')diphospho(4')pantatheine, is an acyl carrier in many acylation and acyl-transfer reactions in which the intermediate is a thiol ester."
obo:GO_0005471
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: ATP(out) + ADP(in) = ATP(in) + ADP(out)."
obo:GO_0046943
  D "Enables the transfer of carboxylic acids from one side of the membrane to the other. Carboxylic acids are organic acids containing one or more carboxyl (COOH) groups or anions (COO-)."
obo:GO_0005343
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: organic acid(out) + Na+(out) = organic acid(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015143
  D "Enables the transfer of urate from one side of the membrane to the other. Urate is the anion of uric acid, 2,6,8-trioxypurine, the end product of purine metabolism in certain mammals and the main excretory product in uricotelic animals."
obo:GO_0015171
  D "Enables the transfer of amino acids from one side of a membrane to the other. Amino acids are organic molecules that contain an amino group and a carboxyl group."
obo:GO_0033284
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + carboxylic acid(out/in) = ADP + phosphate + carboxylic acid(in/out)."
obo:GO_0005310
  D "Enables the transfer of dicarboxylic acids from one side of the membrane to the other. A dicarboxylic acid is an organic acid with two COOH groups."
obo:GO_0008028
  D "Enables the transfer of monocarboxylic acids from one side of the membrane to the other. A monocarboxylic acid is an organic acid with one COOH group."
obo:GO_0015136
  D "Enables the transfer of sialic acid from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015142
  D "Enables the transfer of tricarboxylic acids from one side of the membrane to the other. Tricarboxylic acid are organic acids with three COOH groups."
obo:GO_0015172
  D "Enables the transfer of acidic amino acids from one side of a membrane to the other. Acidic amino acids have a pH below 7."
obo:GO_0015424
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + amino acid(out/in) = ADP + phosphate + amino acid(in/out)."
obo:GO_0015173
  D "Enables the transfer of aromatic amino acids from one side of a membrane to the other. Aromatic amino acids have an aromatic ring."
obo:GO_0015174
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of basic amino acids from one side of a membrane to the other. Basic amino acids have a pH above 7."
obo:GO_0015658
  D "Enables the transfer of branched-chain amino acids from one side of a membrane to the other. Branched-chain amino acids are amino acids with a branched carbon skeleton without rings."
obo:GO_0005416
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: amino acid(out) + cation(out) = amino acid(in) + cation(in)."
obo:GO_0042943
  D "Enables the transfer of D-amino acids from one side of a membrane to the other. D-amino acids are the D-enantiomers of amino acids."
obo:GO_0015185
  D "Enables the transfer of gamma-aminobutyric acid from one side of a membrane to the other. Gamma-aminobutyric acid is 4-aminobutyrate (GABA)."
obo:GO_0015179
  D "Enables the transfer of an L-amino acid from one side of a membrane to the other. L-amino acids are the L-enantiomers of amino acids."
obo:GO_0015175
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of neutral amino acids from one side of a membrane to the other. Neutral amino acids have a pH of 7."
obo:GO_0000099
  D "Enables the transfer of sulfur amino acids from one side of a membrane to the other. Sulphur amino acids contain sulfur in the form of cystine, methionine or their derivatives."
obo:GO_0015183
  D "Enables the transfer of L-aspartate from one side of a membrane to the other. L-aspartate is the anion derived from aspartic acid."
obo:GO_0032518
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + amino acid(in) -> ADP + phosphate + amino acid(out)."
obo:GO_0032520
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + amino acid(out) -> ADP + phosphate + amino acid(in)."
obo:GO_0033230
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + cysteine(out/in) = ADP + phosphate + cysteine(in/out)."
obo:GO_0015425
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + nonpolar amino acid(out) = ADP + phosphate + nonpolar amino acid(in)."
obo:GO_0015426
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + polar amino acid(out) = ADP + phosphate + polar amino acid(in)."
obo:GO_0032519
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + cysteine(in) -> ADP + phosphate + cysteine(out)."
obo:GO_0032521
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + D-methionine(in) -> ADP + phosphate + D-methionine(out)."
obo:GO_0032522
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + D-methionine(out) -> ADP + phosphate + D-methionine(in)."
obo:GO_0015598
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + arginine(out) -> ADP + phosphate + arginine(in)."
obo:GO_0015599
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + glutamine(out) -> ADP + phosphate + glutamine(in)."
obo:GO_0015181
  D "Enables the stereospecific transfer of arginine, 2-amino-5-guanidinopentanoic acid, across a biological membrane."
obo:GO_0005287
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of basic amino acids from one side of a membrane to the other. Acidic amino acids have a pH above 7. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0097625
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of basic amino acids from one side of a membrane to the other. Basic amino acids have a pH above 7. In low-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute only if it is present at very high concentrations."
obo:GO_0005289
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of arginine from one side of a membrane to the other. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0005291
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of L-histidine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-histidine is 2-amino-3-(1H-imidazol-4-yl)propanoic acid. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0097626
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of L-arginine from one side of a membrane to the other. In low-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute only if it is present at very high concentrations."
obo:GO_0005304
  D "Enables the transfer of L-valine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-valine is 2-amino-3-methylbutanoic acid."
obo:GO_0042945
  D "Enables the transfer of D-serine from one side of a membrane to the other. D-serine is the D-enantiomer of 2-amino-3-hydroxypropanoic acid."
obo:GO_0005332
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: gamma-aminobutyric acid(out) + Na+(out) = gamma-aminobutyric acid(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015187
  D "Enables the transfer of glycine from one side of a membrane to the other. Glycine is aminoethanoic acid."
obo:GO_0042970
  D "Enables the transfer of homoserine from one side of a membrane to the other. Homoserine is alpha-amino-gamma-hydroxybutyric acid, an intermediate in the biosynthesis of cystathionine, threonine and methionine."
obo:GO_0034639
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of an L-amino acid from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0061459
  D "Enables the stereospecific transfer of L-arginine, 2-amino-5-guanidinopentanoic acid, across a biological membrane."
obo:GO_0015184
  D "Enables the transfer of L-cystine from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015626
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of L-diaminopimelate from one side of a membrane to the other. L-diaminopimelate is the L-enantiomer anion of 2,6-diaminoheptanedioic acid."
obo:GO_0015186
  D "Enables the transfer of L-glutamine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-glutamine is 2-amino-4-carbamoylbutanoic acid."
obo:GO_0015188
  D "Enables the transfer of L-isoleucine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-isoleucine is (2R*,3R*)-2-amino-3-methylpentanoic acid."
obo:GO_0015190
  D "Enables the transfer of L-leucine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-leucine is 2-amino-4-methylpentanoic acid."
obo:GO_0015189
  D "Enables the transfer of L-lysine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-lysine is 2,6-diaminohexanoic acid."
obo:GO_0015191
  D "Enables the transfer of L-methionine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-methionine is 2-amino-4-(methylthio)butanoic acid."
obo:GO_0000064
  D "Enables the transfer of L-ornithine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-ornithine is 2,5-diaminopentanoic acid."
obo:GO_0015192
  D "Enables the transfer of L-phenylalanine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-phenylalanine is 2-amino-3-phenylpropanoic acid."
obo:GO_0015193
  D "Enables the transfer of L-proline from one side of a membrane to the other. L-proline is pyrrolidine-2-carboxylic acid."
obo:GO_0015194
  D "Enables the transfer of L-serine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-serine is the L-enantiomer of 2-amino-3-hydroxypropanoic acid."
obo:GO_0015195
  D "Enables the transfer of L-threonine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-threonine is (2R*,3S*)-2-amino-3-hydroxybutanoic acid."
obo:GO_0015196
  D "Enables the transfer of L-tryptophan from one side of a membrane to the other. Tryptophan is 2-amino-3-(1H-indol-3-yl)propanoic acid."
obo:GO_0015375
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: glycine(out) + Na+(out) = glycine(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015661
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of L-lysine from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0015330
  D "Catalysis of the high affinity transfer of glutamine from one side of the membrane to the other. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0005292
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of lysine from one side of a membrane to the other. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0000102
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of L-methionine from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0097627
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of L-ornithine from one side of a membrane to the other. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0015496
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: putrescine(out) + ornithine(in) = putrescine(in) + ornithine(out)."
obo:GO_0015492
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: phenylalanine(out) + H+(out) = phenylalanine(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015565
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of threonine from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0005300
  D "Catalysis of the high-affinity transfer of L-tryptophan from one side of a membrane to the other. Tryptophan is 2-amino-3-(1H-indol-3-yl)propanoic acid. In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0022893
  D "Catalysis of the low-affinity transfer of L-tryptophan from one side of a membrane to the other. Tryptophan is 2-amino-3-(1H-indol-3-yl)propanoic acid. In low-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute only if it is present at very high concentrations."
obo:GO_0022858
  D "Enables the transfer of alanine from one side of a membrane to the other. Alanine is 2-aminopropanoic acid."
obo:GO_0001761
  D "Enables the transfer of beta-alanine from one side of a membrane to the other. Beta-alanine is 3-aminopropanoic acid."
obo:GO_0033229
  D "Enables the transfer of cysteine from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015182
  D "Enables the transfer of L-asparagine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-asparagine is the L-enantiomer of alpha-aminosuccinamic acid."
obo:GO_0022889
  D "Enables the transfer of serine from one side of a membrane to the other. Serine is 2-amino-3-hydroxypropanoic acid."
obo:GO_0070906
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: aspartate(out) + alanine(in) = aspartate(in) + alanine(out)."
obo:GO_0042944
  D "Enables the transfer of D-alanine from one side of a membrane to the other. D-alanine is the D-enantiomer of 2-aminopropanoic acid."
obo:GO_0015180
  D "Enables the transfer of L-alanine from one side of a membrane to the other. L-alanine is the L-enantiomer of 2-aminopropanoic acid."
obo:GO_1901680
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of sulfur-containing amino acid from one side of the membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0015139
  D "Enables the transfer of alpha-ketoglutarate from one side of the membrane to the other. Alpha-ketoglutarate (or oxoglutarate) is a compound with important roles in carbohydrate and amino acid metabolism, especially in transamination reactions and as a component of the TCA cycle."
obo:GO_0015127
  D "Enables the transfer of bilirubin from one side of the membrane to the other. Bilirubin is a linear tetrapyrrole produced in the reticuloendothelial system from biliverdin and transported to the liver as a complex with serum albumin. In the liver, bilirubin is converted to bilirubin bisglucuronide, which is excreted in the bile."
obo:GO_0015556
  D "Enables the transfer of C4-dicarboxylate from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0070909
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: tyrosine(out) + tyramine(in) = tyrosine(in) + tyramine(out)."
obo:GO_0034658
  D "Enables the transfer of isopropylmalate from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005313
  D "Enables the transfer of L-glutamate from one side of a membrane to the other. L-glutamate is the anion of 2-aminopentanedioic acid."
obo:GO_1901239
  D "Enables the transfer of malonate(1-) from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0019531
  D "Enables the transfer of oxalate from one side of the membrane to the other. Oxalate, or ethanedioic acid, occurs in many plants and is highly toxic to animals."
obo:GO_0017153
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: dicarboxylate(out) + Na+(out) = dicarboxylate(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015532
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: alpha-ketoglutarate(out) + H+(out) = alpha-ketoglutarate(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015138
  D "Enables the transfer of fumarate from one side of the membrane to the other. Fumarate is a key intermediate in metabolism and is formed in the TCA cycle from succinate and converted into malate."
obo:GO_0015140
  D "Enables the transfer of malate from one side of the membrane to the other. Malate is a chiral hydroxydicarboxylic acid, hydroxybutanedioic acid. The (+) enantiomer is an important intermediate in metabolism as a component of both the TCA cycle and the glyoxylate cycle."
obo:GO_0015131
  D "Enables the transfer of oxaloacetate, the anion of oxobutanedioic acid, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015141
  D "Enables the transfer of succinate, the dianion of ethane dicarboxylic acid, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005469
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: succinate(out) + fumarate(in) = succinate(in) + fumarate(out)."
obo:GO_0015366
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: malate(out) + H+(out) = malate(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0097434
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: succinate(out) + H+(out) = succinate(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015501
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: glutamate(out) + Na+(out) = glutamate(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015362
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: dicarboxylate(out) + Na+(out) = dicarboxylate(in) + Na+(in). In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0015361
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: dicarboxylate(out) + Na+(out) = dicarboxylate(in) + Na+(in). In low-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute only if it is present at very high concentrations."
obo:GO_0042890
  D "Enables the transfer of 3-phenylpropionic acid from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_1901241
  D "Enables the transfer of 4-hydroxyphenylacetate from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015123
  D "Enables the transfer of acetate from one side of the membrane to the other. Acetate is the 2-carbon carboxylic acid ethanoic acid."
obo:GO_0042879
  D "Enables the transfer of aldonate from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015124
  D "Enables the transfer of allantoate from one side of the membrane to the other. Allantoate is the end product of purine metabolism in mammals and some fish, formed form allantoin. It is widely distributed in plants as an important source of stored nitrogen."
obo:GO_0051471
  D "Enables the transfer of ectoine from one side of the membrane to the other. Ectoine (1,4,5,6-tetrahydro-2-methyl-4-pyrimidinecarboxylic acid) is a tetrahydropyrimidine commonly synthesized by halophilic bacteria."
obo:GO_0015499
  D "Enables the transfer of formate from one side of the membrane to the other. Formate is also known as methanoate, the anion HCOO- derived from methanoic (formic) acid."
obo:GO_0033287
  D "Enables the transfer of hydroxyectoine from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015129
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of lactate from one side of the membrane to the other. Lactate is 2-hydroxypropanoate, CH3-CHOH-COOH; L(+)-lactate is formed by anaerobic glycolysis in animal tissues, and DL-lactate is found in sour milk, molasses and certain fruit juices."
obo:GO_0015483
  D "Enables the transfer of long-chain fatty acids from one side of the membrane to the other. A long-chain fatty acid is a fatty acid with a chain length between C13 and C22. This transporter is a porin and so enables the energy independent passage of substances, sized less than 1000 Da, across a membrane. The transmembrane portions of porins consist exclusively of beta-strands which form a beta-barrel. They are found in the outer membranes of Gram-negative bacteria, mitochondria, plastids and possibly acid-fast Gram-positive bacteria."
obo:GO_0015130
  D "Enables the transfer of mevalonate from one side of the membrane to the other. Mevalonate is the anion of mevalonic acid; its (R)-enantiomer is a strategic intermediate derived from hydroxymethylglutaryl-CoA in the biosynthesis of polyprenyl compounds."
obo:GO_0033285
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + monocarboxylic acid(out/in) = ADP + phosphate + monocarboxylic acid(in/out)."
obo:GO_0015552
  D "Enables the transfer of propionate from one side of the membrane to the other. Propionate (or propanoate) is the organic acid CH3-CH2-COOH."
obo:GO_0050833
  D "Enables the transfer of pyruvate, 2-oxopropanoate, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015133
  D "Enables the transfer of uronic acid from one side of the membrane to the other. Uronic acids are any monocarboxylic acid formally derived by oxidizing to a carboxyl group the terminal hydroxymethylene group of either an aldose with four or more carbon atoms in the molecule, or of any glycoside derived from such an aldose."
obo:GO_0043893
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of acetate from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: acetate(out) + cation(out) = acetate(in) + cation(in)."
obo:GO_0042881
  D "Enables the transfer of D-galactonate, the D-enantiomer of galactonate, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015128
  D "Enables the transfer of gluconate from one side of the membrane to the other. Gluconate is the aldonic acid derived from glucose."
obo:GO_1901974
  D "Enables the transfer of glycerate from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015568
  D "Enables the transfer of L-idonate from one side of the membrane to the other. L-idonate is an aldonic acid derived from L-idose, an aldohexose which is epimeric with D-glucose."
obo:GO_0015660
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of formate from the inside of the cell to the outside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0015659
  D "Enables the transfer of formate from the outside of a cell to the inside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0033288
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + hydroxyectoine(out/in) = ADP + phosphate + hydroxyectoine(in/out)."
obo:GO_0015650
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: lactate (out) + H+ (out) = lactate (in) + H+ (in)."
obo:GO_0033286
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + ectoine(out/in) = ADP + phosphate + ectoine(in/out)."
obo:GO_0015544
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: phenyl propionate(out) = phenyl propionate(in)."
obo:GO_0005477
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of pyruvate from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0015134
  D "Enables the transfer of hexuronates from one side of the membrane to the other. A hexuronate is any monocarboxylic acid derived from a hexose by oxidation of C-6."
obo:GO_0015550
  D "Enables the transfer of galacturonate from one side of the membrane to the other. Galacturonate is the uronic acid formally derived from galactose by oxidation of the hydroxymethylene group at C-6 to a carboxyl group."
obo:GO_0015135
  D "Enables the transfer of glucuronate from one side of the membrane to the other. Glucuronate is the uronic acid formally derived from glucose by oxidation of the hydroxymethylene group at C-6 to a carboxyl group."
obo:GO_0042880
  D "Enables the transfer of D-glucuronate, the D-enantiomer of glucuronate, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015538
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: sialate(out) + H+(out) = sialate(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0015137
  D "Enables the transfer of citrate, 2-hydroxy-1,2,3-propanetricarboyxlate, from one side of the membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005371
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of tricarboxylate from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0015531
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: citrate(out) + H+(out) = citrate(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0071913
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of citrate from one side of a membrane to the other, up its concentration gradient. The transporter binds the solute and undergoes a series of conformational changes. Transport works equally well in either direction and is driven by a chemiosmotic source of energy. Chemiosmotic sources of energy include uniport, symport or antiport."
obo:GO_0005283
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: amino acid(out) + Na+(out) = amino acid(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0005369
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: taurine(out) + Na+(out) = taurine(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015655
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: alanine(out) + Na+(out) = alanine(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015657
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: branched-chain amino acid(out) + cation(out) = branched-chain amino acid(in) + cation(in)."
obo:GO_0005295
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: neutral amino acid(out) + Na+(out) = neutral amino acid(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015374
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: neutral/basic amino acid(out) + Na+(out) + Cl-(out) = neutral/basic amino acid(in) + Na+(in) + Cl-(in)."
obo:GO_0005298
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: proline(out) + Na+(out) = proline(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0000297
  D "Enables the transfer of spermine from one side of the membrane to the other. Spermine is a polybasic amine found in human sperm, in ribosomes and in some viruses, which is involved in nucleic acid packaging. Synthesis is regulated by ornithine decarboxylase which plays a key role in control of DNA replication."
obo:GO_0005216
  D "Enables the facilitated diffusion of an ion (by an energy-independent process) by passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism. May be either selective (it enables passage of a specific ion only) or non-selective (it enables passage of two or more ions of same charge but different size)."
obo:GO_0015265
  D "Enables the facilitated diffusion of urea (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0015250
  D "Transport systems of this type enable facilitated diffusion of water (by an energy-independent process) by passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0005253
  D "Enables the selective, energy-independent passage of anions across a lipid bilayer down a concentration gradient."
obo:GO_0005261
  D "Enables the selective, energy-independent passage of cations across a lipid bilayer down a concentration gradient."
obo:GO_0010461
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens in response to a light stimulus."
obo:GO_0097603
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an ion by a channel that opens in response to a temperature stimulus (e.g. exposure to a temperature range different than the optimal temperature for that organism)."
obo:GO_0005254
  D "Enables the selective, facilitated diffusion of a chloride (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0008308
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an anion by a voltage-gated channel. An anion is a negatively charged ion. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0005225
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of an anion by a volume-sensitive channel. An anion is a negatively charged ion. A volume-sensitive channel is a channel that responds to changes in the volume of a cell."
obo:GO_0005224
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a chloride ion by a channel that opens when ATP has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0016934
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a chloride ion by a channel that opens when extracellular glycine has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0005229
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of chloride by a channel that opens in response to stimulus by a calcium ion or ions. Transport by a channel involves catalysis of facilitated diffusion of a solute (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel, without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0005247
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a chloride ion by a voltage-gated channel. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0072320
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a chloride ion by a volume-sensitive channel. A volume-sensitive channel is a channel that responds to changes in the volume of a cell."
obo:GO_0015274
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a chloride ion by a voltage-gated channel. The membrane is an organellar membrane."
obo:GO_0004889
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a cation by a channel that opens upon binding acetylcholine."
obo:GO_0015251
  D "Enables the selective, facilitated diffusion of ammonium (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0004931
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a cation by a channel that opens when extracellular ATP has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts."
obo:GO_0015252
  D "Enables the selective, facilitated diffusion of a hydrogen ion (by an energy-independent process) involving passage through a transmembrane aqueous pore or channel without evidence for a carrier-mediated mechanism."
obo:GO_0005232
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a cation by a channel that opens when a specific extracellular ligand has been bound by the channel complex or one of its constituent parts, and that is activated by serotonin."
obo:GO_0097604
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a cation by a channel that opens in response to a temperature stimulus (e.g. exposure to a temperature range different than the optimal temperature for that organism)."
obo:GO_0030171
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a proton by a voltage-gated channel. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0008086
  D "Enables the transmembrane transfer of a calcium ion by a voltage-gated channel that is activated in response to light. A voltage-gated channel is a channel whose open state is dependent on the voltage across the membrane in which it is embedded."
obo:GO_0009670
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: triose-phosphate(out) + phosphate(in) = triose-phosphate(in) + phosphate(out)."
obo:GO_0046964
  D "Enables the transfer of 3'-phosphoadenosine 5'-phosphosulfate, a naturally occurring mixed anhydride synthesized from adenosine 5'-phosphosulfate, from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0005368
  D "Enables the transfer of taurine from one side of the membrane to the other. Taurine (2-aminoethanesulfonic acid) is a sulphur-containing amino acid derivative which is important in the metabolism of fats."
obo:GO_0022866
  D "Enables transfer of one electron across a membrane."
obo:GO_0022867
  D "Enables transfer of two electrons across a membrane."
obo:GO_0080138
  D "Enables the transfer of borate from the outside of a cell to the inside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_1901549
  D "Enables the transfer of malonic acid from the outside of a cell to the inside across a membrane."
obo:GO_0015558
  D "Enables the transfer of p-aminobenzoyl-glutamate from the outside of a cell to the inside of the cell across a membrane."
obo:GO_0015388
  D "Enables the transfer of potassium from the outside of a cell to the inside of the cell across a membrane: K+(out) + energy = K+(in)."
obo:GO_0015403
  D "Enables the transfer of thiamine from the outside of a cell to the inside across a membrane."
obo:GO_0034215
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: thiamine(out) + H+(out) = thiamine(in) + H+(in)."
obo:GO_0034216
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: thiamine(out) + H+(out) = thiamine(in) + H+(in). In high-affinity transport the transporter is able to bind the solute even if it is only present at very low concentrations."
obo:GO_0015225
  D "Enables the directed movement of biotin into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Biotin is cis-tetrahydro-2-oxothieno(3,4-d)imidazoline-4-valeric acid; the (+) enantiomer is very widely distributed in cells and serves as a carrier in a number of enzymatic beta-carboxylation reactions."
obo:GO_0015235
  D "Enables the directed movement of cobalamin (vitamin B12), a water-soluble vitamin characterized by possession of a corrin nucleus containing a cobalt atom, into, out of or within a cell."
obo:GO_0033300
  D "Enables the directed movement of dehydroascorbate, 5-(1,2-dihydroxyethyl)furan-2,3,4(5H)-trione, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells, by means of some agent such as a transporter or pore."
obo:GO_0008517
  D "Enables the directed movement of folic acid (pteroylglutamic acid) into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Folic acid is widely distributed as a member of the vitamin B complex and is essential for the synthesis of purine and pyrimidines."
obo:GO_0015229
  D "Enables the directed movement of L-ascorbate into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. L-ascorbate, (2R)-2-[(1S)-1,2-dihydroxyethyl]-4-hydroxy-5-oxo-2,5-dihydrofuran-3-olate, is vitamin C and has co-factor and anti-oxidant activities in many species."
obo:GO_0032217
  D "Enables the directed movement of riboflavin into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Riboflavin (vitamin B2) is a water-soluble B-complex vitamin, converted in the cell to FMN and FAD, cofactors required for the function of flavoproteins."
obo:GO_0090422
  D "Enables the directed movement of thiamine pyrophosphate into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0031924
  D "Enables the directed movement of any of the vitamin B6 compounds -- pyridoxal, pyridoxamine and pyridoxine and the active form, pyridoxal phosphate -- into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0090482
  D "Enables the transfer of a vitamin from one side of a membrane to the other."
obo:GO_0015231
  D "Enables the directed movement of 5-formyltetrahydrofolate, the formylated derivative of tetrahydrofolate, into, out of, within, or between cells."
obo:GO_0008520
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ascorbate(out) + Na+(out) = ascorbate(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0015619
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: ATP + H2O + thiamine pyrophosphate(out) = ADP + phosphate + thiamine pyrophosphate(in)."
obo:GO_0015420
  D "Catalysis of the reaction: ATP + H2O + cob(III)alamin(out) = ADP + phosphate + cob(III)alamin(in). Cobalamin is also known as vitamin B12."
obo:GO_0031925
  D "Enables the directed movement of pyridoxal across a membrane into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Pyridoxal, 3-hydroxy-5-(hydroxymethyl)-2-methyl-4-pyridinecarboxaldehyde, is one of the vitamin B6 compounds. Pyridoxal, pyridoxamine and pyridoxine are collectively known as vitamin B6, and are efficiently converted to the biologically active form of vitamin B6, pyridoxal phosphate."
obo:GO_0031927
  D "Enables the directed movement of pyridoxamine into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Pyridoxamine, 4-(aminomethyl)-5-(hydroxymethyl)-2-methylpyridin-3-ol, is one of the vitamin B6 compounds. Pyridoxal, pyridoxamine and pyridoxine are collectively known as vitamin B6, and are efficiently converted to the biologically active form of vitamin B6, pyridoxal phosphate."
obo:GO_0031928
  D "Enables the directed movement of pyridoxine across a membrane into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Pyridoxine, 2-methyl-3-hydroxy-4,5-bis(hydroxymethyl)pyridine, is one of the vitamin B6 compounds. Pyridoxal, pyridoxamine and pyridoxine are collectively known as vitamin B6, and are efficiently converted to the biologically active form of vitamin B6, pyridoxal phosphate."
obo:GO_0070890
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: L-ascorbate(out) + Na+(out) = L-ascorbate(in) + Na+(in)."
obo:GO_0008523
  D "Catalysis of the transfer of a solute or solutes from one side of a membrane to the other according to the reaction: multivitamin(out) + Na+(out) = multivitamin(in) + Na+(in). Multivitamins include pantothenate, biotin and lipoate."
obo:GO_0015234
  D "Enables the transfer of thiamine from one side of the membrane to the other. Thiamine is vitamin B1, a water soluble vitamin present in fresh vegetables and meats, especially liver."
obo:GO_0042926
  D "Enables the directed movement of 3-hydroxyphenylpropionic acid into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0042911
  D "Enables the directed movement of acridine (10-azaanthracene), a heterocyclic ring compound found in crude coal-tar anthracene, into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0042959
  D "Enables the directed movement of alkanesulfonate into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0015242
  D "Enables the directed movement of benomyl into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Benomyl, methyl 1-(butylcarbamoyl)-2-benzimidazolecarbamate, is a systemic agricultural fungicide used for control of certain fungal diseases of stone fruit."
obo:GO_0042925
  D "Enables the directed movement of benzoate, the anion of benzoic acid (benzenecarboxylic acid) into, out of or within a cell, or between cells."
obo:GO_0015547
  D "Enables the directed movement of nalidixic acid into, out of or within a cell, or between cells. Nalidixic acid is a synthetic antibiotic that interferes with DNA gyrase and inhibits prokaryotic replication."
bao:BAO_0000658
  D "This includes all organisms which are made up of cells, e.g. bacteria, plants and animals."
bao:BAO_0000232
  D "Viruses are small infectious agents that depend on the host cells to reproduce. Outside the host, they contain a protein coat called capsid that encloses their genetic material (either DNA or RNA). Viruses can infect bacteria, plants and animals and cause a number of diseases, e.g. smallpox, chickenpox, influenza, polio, rabies, etc."
bao:BAO_0000509
  D "This includes fungi, vertebrates and invertebrates. Eukaryotic cells have a well-defined nucleus and membrane enveloped organelles namely, mitochondria, endoplasmic reticulum, golgi apparatus, and lysosomes."
bae:BAE_0000064
  D "Prokaryotes are single-celled organisms that lack nuclei."
bao:BAO_0000418
  D "Fungi are either unicellular or multicellular and include yeasts, molds, mushrooms, etc. Several parasitic fungi exist, which infect animals and plants, e.g., Aspergillus flavus, Claviceps purpurea, Pneumocystis jirovecii, etc."
bao:BAO_0000659
  D "Metazoa comprises of animals, which are multicellular eukaryotic organisms. This includes those having a vertebral column (e.g. fish, frog, snake, bird, human) and those that do not (e.g. worm, fly, star fish, etc)."
bao:BAO_0000605
  D "They are living organisms which derive their energy from photosynthesis, with the exception of parasitic plants. Plants include herbs, shrubs, trees, grasses, vines, etc."
bao:BAO_0000662
  D "Protozoans are single celled organisms, some of which are parasitic, e.g., Plasmodium falciparum, Leishmania mexicana, Trypanosoma brucei, etc which cause malaria, leishmaniasis, and sleeping sickness, respectively."
obo:NCBITaxon_5478
  A Candida glabrata
obo:NCBITaxon_45357
  A Candida haemulonis
obo:NCBITaxon_52247
  A Candida inconspicua
obo:NCBITaxon_45354
  A Candida intermedia
obo:NCBITaxon_45567
  A Candida membranifaciens
obo:NCBITaxon_418086
  A Candida nivariensis
obo:NCBITaxon_45574
  A Candida palmioleophila
obo:NCBITaxon_45594
  A Candida stellata
obo:NCBITaxon_5493
  A Candida zeylanoides
obo:NCBITaxon_70791
  A Nectria haematococca mpVI
  A Nectria haematococca subsp. mating population VI
obo:NCBITaxon_5045
  A Acremonium sp. (Ascomycota)
obo:NCBITaxon_5341
  A common mushroom
  A button mushroom
  A cultivated mushroom
obo:NCBITaxon_5016
  A southern corn leaf blight pathogen
obo:NCBITaxon_5475
  A Candida
obo:NCBITaxon_5207
  A Torula neoformans
  A Lipomyces neoformans
  A Blastomyces neoformans
  A Filobasidiella neoformans
  A Saccharomyces neoformans
  A Cryptococcus neoformans
  A Torulopsis neoformans
  A Debaryomyces neoformans
obo:NCBITaxon_907340
  A Lindnera sp. GG4S01
  A Pichia sp. GG4S01
obo:NCBITaxon_13548
  A Glomerella
obo:NCBITaxon_35725
  A charcoal rot
obo:NCBITaxon_55194
  A Pityriasis (Tinea) versicolor infection agent
bao:BAO_0000553
  D "Most of the fungi are multicellular, e.g. molds, mushrooms, etc. They are made up of multicellular filaments known as hyphae. Several parasitic fungi exist, which infect animals and plants, e.g., Aspergillus flavus, Claviceps purpurea, Pneumocystis jirovecii, etc."
obo:NCBITaxon_81051
  A Poria
obo:NCBITaxon_208348
  A wheat leaf rust
obo:NCBITaxon_191435
  A red heart rot
obo:NCBITaxon_107832
  A black scurf of potato
bao:BAO_0000233
  D "It includes the baker's yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae) and fission yeast (Schizosaccharomyces pombe), which are unicellular."
obo:NCBITaxon_5106
  A Verticillium
obo:NCBITaxon_284593
  A Candida glabrata CBS138
  A Candida glabrata CBS 138
  A Candida glabrata ATCC2001
  A Candida glabrata ATCC 2001
obo:NCBITaxon_235443
  A Cryptococcus neoformans H99
obo:NCBITaxon_1432137
  A Cryptococcus neoformans var. grubii Stud
obo:NCBITaxon_5476
  A Oidium albicans
  A Mycotorula albicans
  A Procandida albicans
  A Procandida stellatoidea
  A Candida stellatoidea
  A Syringospora albicans
  A Monilia stellatoidea
  A Saccharomyces albicans
  A Dematium albicans
  A Candida albicans
  A Candida albicans var. stellatoidea
  A Parasaccharomyces albicans
  A Myceloblastanon albicans
  A Monilia albicans
obo:NCBITaxon_5081
  A Eupenicillium sp.
obo:NCBITaxon_4932
  A Saccharomyces oviformis
  A S. cerevisiae
  A Candida robusta
  A Mycoderma cerevisiae
  A Saccharomyces uvarum var. melibiosus
  A Saccharomyces capensis
  A brewer's yeast
  A Saccharomyces italicus
  A Saccharomyces cerevisiae
  A baker's yeast
bao:BAO_0000511
  D "These animals lack a vertebral column and many of which are used as model organisms in HTS screening including Drosophila, C.elegans, sea urchin, etc."
bao:BAO_0000510
  D "This includes animals having a vertebral column, and model organisms from this group include the zebrafish, mouse, rat, etc"
obo:NCBITaxon_7159
  A yellow fever mosquito
obo:NCBITaxon_6100
  A Mesonema victoria
  A Aequorea victoria
obo:NCBITaxon_29170
  A dog hookworm
obo:NCBITaxon_7165
  A Anopheles gambiae sensu stricto
  A African malaria mosquito
obo:NCBITaxon_30069
  A Asian malaria mosquito
obo:NCBITaxon_307492
  A cowpea aphid
obo:NCBITaxon_7052
  A Japanese firefly
obo:NCBITaxon_6660
  A sea monkeys
  A brine shrimps
obo:NCBITaxon_6253
  A pig roundworm
obo:NCBITaxon_7588
  A starfishes
  A sea stars
  A starfish
obo:NCBITaxon_6526
  A bloodfluke planorb
obo:NCBITaxon_6973
  A German cockroach
obo:NCBITaxon_6279
  A agent of lymphatic filariasis
obo:NCBITaxon_6326
  A pine wilt nematode
  A pine wood nematode
  A pinewood nematode
obo:NCBITaxon_6239
  A roundworm
  A Rhabditis elegans
  A Caenorhabditis elegans
obo:NCBITaxon_79923
  A oriental liver fluke
obo:NCBITaxon_7176
  A southern house mosquito
obo:NCBITaxon_6954
  A American house dust mite
obo:NCBITaxon_6956
  A European house dust mite
obo:NCBITaxon_7215
  A fruit flies
  A Drosophila
  A fruit fly
obo:NCBITaxon_7227
  A fruit fly
  A Sophophora melanogaster
  A Drosophila melanogaster
obo:NCBITaxon_7625
  A sea urchins
obo:NCBITaxon_6192
  A liver fluke
  A Fasciola hepatica
obo:NCBITaxon_133901
  A western flower thrips
obo:NCBITaxon_6289
  A red stomach worm
  A barber pole worm
  A Haemonchus contortus
obo:NCBITaxon_29058
  A corn ear worm
  A American bollworm
  A scarce bordered straw
  A tobacco budworm
  A cotton bollworm
obo:NCBITaxon_7113
  A bollworm
  A corn earworm
  A tomato fruitworm
obo:NCBITaxon_223995
  A mustard aphid
obo:NCBITaxon_6523
  A great pond snail
obo:NCBITaxon_7653
  A painted urchin
  A painted sea urchin
obo:NCBITaxon_7130
  A tomato hornworm
  A Carolina sphinx
  A tobacco hawkmoth
  A hornblower
  A tobacco hornworm
obo:NCBITaxon_7609
  A spiny starfish
obo:NCBITaxon_271217
  A rice ear-cutting caterpillar
  A Oriental armyworm
  A ear-cutting caterpillar
  A northern armyworm
obo:NCBITaxon_6198
  A Southeast Asian liver fluke
obo:NCBITaxon_6978
  A American cockroach
obo:NCBITaxon_7054
  A common eastern firefly
  A North American firefly
  A Photinus pyralis
obo:NCBITaxon_1710587
  A Pennsylania firefly
  A Photuris pensylvanica
obo:NCBITaxon_51655
  A diamondback moth
  A cabbage moth
obo:NCBITaxon_6183
  A Schistosoma mansoni
obo:NCBITaxon_7047
  A maize weevil
obo:NCBITaxon_7107
  A small mottled willow caterpillar
  A pigweed caterpillar
  A beet armyworm
obo:NCBITaxon_7108
  A fall armyworm
obo:NCBITaxon_7668
  A purple urchin
  A purple sea urchin
obo:NCBITaxon_7070
  A rust-red flour beetle
  A red flour beetle
obo:NCBITaxon_6500
  A California sea hare
bao:BAO_0000362
  D "This includes animal models typically used in drug discovery for toxicity or pharmacology studies, such as mouse, rat (mammals)."
bao:BAO_0000518
  D "This includes vertebrate model organisms such as the Danio rerio (zebrafish), Xenopus laevis, etc which are tested generally to understand development."
obo:NCBITaxon_9913
  A Bos primigenius taurus
  A dairy cow
  A Bos taurus
  A cattle
  A domestic cattle
  A domestic cow
  A cow
  A bovine
  A Bos bovis
obo:NCBITaxon_9615
  A Canis lupus familiaris
  A Canis familiaris
  A Canis domesticus
  A dogs
  A Canis canis
  A dog
obo:NCBITaxon_9925
  A goat
  A goats
  A domestic goat
obo:NCBITaxon_10141
  A guinea pig
  A domestic guinea pig
  A Cavia cobaya
  A Cavia aperea porcellus
  A Cavia porcellus
obo:NCBITaxon_9527
  A monkeys
  A monkey
  A Old World monkeys
obo:NCBITaxon_9864
  A American elk
obo:NCBITaxon_34839
  A long-tailed chinchilla
obo:NCBITaxon_9534
  A African green monkeys
  A grivet
  A savanah monkey
  A African green monkey
obo:NCBITaxon_10026
  A hamsters
obo:NCBITaxon_9796
  A Equus przewalskii f. caballus
  A domestic horse
  A Equus caballus
  A Equus przewalskii forma caballus
  A equine
  A horse
obo:NCBITaxon_9685
  A cats
  A domestic cat
  A cat
obo:NCBITaxon_9606
  A man
  A human
  A Homo sapiens
obo:NCBITaxon_9995
  A woodchuck
  A woodchucks
  A groundhog
obo:NCBITaxon_35658
  A southern multimammate mouse
obo:NCBITaxon_10047
  A Mongolian jird
  A Mongolian gerbil
obo:NCBITaxon_10036
  A Syrian golden hamsters
  A Syrian hamster
  A golden hamster
  A Syrian golden hamster
obo:NCBITaxon_79684
  A prairie voles
  A prairie vole
obo:NCBITaxon_10090
  A mouse
  A house mouse
  A Mus musculus
obo:NCBITaxon_9669
  A ferret
  A black ferret
  A domestic ferret
obo:NCBITaxon_9986
  A Japanese white rabbit
  A European rabbit
  A domestic rabbit
  A rabbits
  A rabbit
obo:NCBITaxon_9940
  A lambs
  A wild sheep
  A sheep
  A domestic sheep
obo:NCBITaxon_9598
  A chimpanzee
obo:NCBITaxon_9555
  A baboon
  A olive baboon
  A Kenya baboon
  A Doguera baboon
obo:NCBITaxon_9557
  A baboon
  A hamadryas baboon
  A red baboon
  A western baboon
  A Papio hamadryas subsp.
obo:NCBITaxon_9310
  A long-nosed rat kangaroo
  A long-nosed potoroo
  A potoroo
obo:NCBITaxon_9443
  A primate
obo:NCBITaxon_10116
  A rats
  A rat
  A brown rat
  A Norway rat
  A Rattus norvegicus
obo:NCBITaxon_9989
  A rodent
obo:NCBITaxon_9515
  A brown capuchin
  A black-capped capuchin
  A brown-capped capuchin
  A Tufted capuchin
obo:NCBITaxon_9823
  A wild boar
  A swine
  A pigs
  A pig
  A Sus scrofa
obo:NCBITaxon_8722
  A terciopelo
obo:NCBITaxon_8932
  A rock pigeon
  A domestic pigeon
  A Columba domestica
  A carrier pigeon
  A rock dove
obo:NCBITaxon_7955
  A zebra danio
  A Brachydanio rerio frankei
  A Danio frankei
  A zebra fish
  A zebrafish
  A Cyprinus rerio
  A Danio rerio frankei
  A leopard danio
  A Danio rerio
  A Brachydanio rerio
obo:NCBITaxon_8005
  A electric knifefish
  A electric eel
obo:NCBITaxon_8976
  A fowls
obo:NCBITaxon_9031
  A bantam
  A chickens
  A chicken
obo:NCBITaxon_33528
  A western mosquitofish
obo:NCBITaxon_5664
  A Leishmania tropica major
  A Leishmania (Leishmania) major
  A Leishmania major
obo:NCBITaxon_9103
  A wild turkey
  A turkey
  A common turkey
obo:NCBITaxon_8022
  A rainbow trout
obo:NCBITaxon_74940
  A Chinook salmon
  A king salmon
obo:NCBITaxon_8090
  A Japanese medaka
  A Japanese rice fish
  A medaka
obo:NCBITaxon_8015
  A salmonids
obo:NCBITaxon_7787
  A Pacific electric ray
obo:NCBITaxon_8353
  A Xenopus
obo:NCBITaxon_8355
  A platanna
  A clawed frog
  A Bufo laevis
  A Xenopus laevis
  A common platanna
  A African clawed frog
obo:NCBITaxon_3631
  A Indian mallow
  A butterprint
  A China jute
  A velvetleaf
obo:NCBITaxon_63632
  A creeping bent grass
obo:NCBITaxon_28502
  A prince's feather
  A grain amaranth
obo:NCBITaxon_124763
  A rough pigweed
  A redroot amaranth
  A common amaranth
obo:NCBITaxon_3702
  A thale-cress
  A thale cress
  A mouse-ear cress
  A Arabidopsis thaliana
obo:NCBITaxon_3704
  A horseradish
obo:NCBITaxon_3505
  A white birch
  A European white birch
obo:NCBITaxon_3707
  A brown mustard
  A Indian mustard
obo:NCBITaxon_3708
  A rapeseeds
  A rape
  A oilseed rape
obo:NCBITaxon_145471
  A biennial turnip rape
obo:NCBITaxon_3649
  A papaya
  A mamon
obo:NCBITaxon_4058
  A chatas
  A Madagascar periwinkle
  A rosy periwinkle
  A chula
  A old-maid
obo:NCBITaxon_13443
  A coffee
  A arabica coffee
obo:NCBITaxon_4509
  A orchard grass
  A cocksfoot
obo:NCBITaxon_90397
  A barnyard grass
  A cockspur grass
obo:NCBITaxon_3847
  A soybeans
  A soybean
obo:NCBITaxon_4236
  A garden lettuce
  A cultivated lettuce
obo:NCBITaxon_4521
  A Italian ryegrass
obo:NCBITaxon_4530
  A rice
  A red rice
obo:NCBITaxon_39947
  A Oryza sativa subsp. japonica
  A Oryza sativa (japonica cultivar-group)
  A Japonica rice
  A Japanese rice
  A Oryza sativa Japonica Group
obo:NCBITaxon_374031
  A tomatillo
obo:NCBITaxon_3888
  A peas
  A pea
  A garden pea
obo:NCBITaxon_3755
  A almond
  A sweet almond
obo:NCBITaxon_3988
  A castor bean
obo:NCBITaxon_4081
  A tomato
obo:NCBITaxon_4113
  A potatoes
  A potato
obo:NCBITaxon_3562
  A spinach
obo:NCBITaxon_13707
  A marigolds
obo:NCBITaxon_4013
  A Chinese lacquer
  A Japanese lacquer tree
  A varnish tree
  A Japanese lacquer-tree
obo:NCBITaxon_3899
  A white clover
  A creeping white clover
obo:NCBITaxon_4565
  A wheat
  A Canadian hard winter wheat
  A bread wheat
  A common wheat
obo:NCBITaxon_4577
  A maize
obo:NCBITaxon_5665
  A Leishmania (Leishmania) mexicana
  A Leishmania mexicana
obo:NCBITaxon_5763
  A brain-eating amoeba
obo:NCBITaxon_4787
  A potato late blight fungus
  A potato late blight agent
obo:NCBITaxon_5833
  A malaria parasite P. falciparum
  A Plasmodium (Laverania) falciparum
  A Plasmodium falciparum
obo:NCBITaxon_36330
  A malaria parasite P. ovale
obo:NCBITaxon_5855
  A malaria parasite P. vivax
obo:NCBITaxon_5691
  A Trypanosoma brucei subgroup
  A Trypanosoma (Trypanozoon) brucei
  A Trypanosoma brucei
obo:NCBITaxon_5693
  A Trypanosoma cruzi
bae:BAE_0000065
  D "Archaea are an ancient branch of prokaryotes, exemplified by deep ocean extremophiles."
bao:BAO_0000364
  D "Bacteria lack membrane bound organelles and are surrounded by a rigid cell wall. Though they are unicellular, they function by aggregating into multicellular colonies."
obo:NCBITaxon_187420
  A Methanothermobacter thermautotrophicus str. deltaH
  A Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum str. Delta H
obo:NCBITaxon_358742
  A Clostridium aldenense
obo:NCBITaxon_208479
  A Clostridium bolteae
obo:NCBITaxon_29354
  A Clostridium celericrescens
  A Clostridium celerecrescens
obo:NCBITaxon_358743
  A Clostridium citroniae
obo:NCBITaxon_1531
  A Clostridium clostridioforme
obo:NCBITaxon_69824
  A Clostridium cocleatum
obo:NCBITaxon_89153
  A Clostridium hylemonae
obo:NCBITaxon_1522
  A Clostridium innocuum
obo:NCBITaxon_1535
  A Clostridium leptum
obo:NCBITaxon_29347
  A Clostridium scindens
obo:NCBITaxon_29370
  A Clostridium sphenoides
obo:NCBITaxon_29348
  A Clostridium spiroforme
obo:NCBITaxon_1549
  A Clostridium sporosphaeroides
obo:NCBITaxon_1512
  A Clostridium symbiosum
obo:NCBITaxon_39491
  A Eubacterium rectale
obo:NCBITaxon_33038
  A Ruminococcus gnavus
obo:NCBITaxon_33039
  A Ruminococcus torques
obo:NCBITaxon_85698
  A Achromobacter xylosoxydans
  A Alcaligenes xylosoxydans
obo:NCBITaxon_469
  A Acinetobacter
obo:NCBITaxon_62977
  A Acinetobacter baylyi strain ADP1
  A Acinetobacter baylyi str. ADP1
obo:NCBITaxon_380703
  A Aeromonas hydrophila subsp. hydrophila strain ATCC 7966
  A Aeromonas hydrophila subsp. hydrophila str. ATCC 7966
obo:NCBITaxon_160404
  A [Clostridium] lactatifermentans
obo:NCBITaxon_28264
  A Arcanibacterium haemolyticum
obo:NCBITaxon_1386
  A Bacillus
obo:NCBITaxon_1392
  A anthrax bacterium
  A anthrax
  A Bacteridium anthracis
  A Bacillus cereus var. anthracis
  A Bacillus anthracis
obo:NCBITaxon_198094
  A Bacillus anthracis strain Ames
  A Bacillus anthracis Ames
  A Bacillus anthracis (strain Ames)
obo:NCBITaxon_260799
  A Bacillus anthracis Sterne
  A Bacillus anthracis (strain Sterne)
obo:NCBITaxon_1452
  A Bacillus atriphaeus
obo:NCBITaxon_703612
  A Bacillus subtilis subsp. spizizenii strain ATCC 6633
  A Bacillus subtilis subsp. spizizenii str. ATCC 6633
obo:NCBITaxon_807
  A Bartonella saintelizabethsina
  A Rochalimaea saintelizabethsina
obo:NCBITaxon_139
  A Borrelia burgdorferi sensu stricto
  A Lyme disease spirochete
obo:NCBITaxon_235
  A Brucella melitensis bv. Abortus
obo:NCBITaxon_29461
  A Brucella melitensis bv. Suis
obo:NCBITaxon_192222
  A Campylobacter jejuni subsp. jejuni ATCC 700819 = NCTC 11168
obo:NCBITaxon_2748
  A Carnibacterium divergens
obo:NCBITaxon_83560
  A agent of mouse pneumonitis
obo:NCBITaxon_1496
  A [Clostridium] difficile
obo:NCBITaxon_1491
  A Ermengemillus botulinus
  A Clostridium putrificum
  A Clostridium botulinum
  A Pacinia putrifica
  A Bacillus botulinus
  A Bacillus putrificus
  A Botulobacillus botulinus
obo:NCBITaxon_441771
  A Clostridium botulinum A strain Hall
obo:NCBITaxon_1747
  A Propionicibacterium acnes
obo:NCBITaxon_33010
  A Propionicibacterium avidum
obo:NCBITaxon_716541
  A Enterobacter cloacae subsp. cloacae strain ATCC 13047
  A Enterobacter cloacae subsp. cloacae str. ATCC 13047
obo:NCBITaxon_1351
  A Enterococcus faecalis
  A Streptococcus glycerinaceus
  A Streptococcus liquefaciens
  A Micrococcus zymogenes
  A Enterococcus proteiformis
  A Micrococcus ovalis
  A Enterocoque
  A Streptococcus faecalis
obo:NCBITaxon_474186
  A Enterococcus faecalis strain OG1RF
  A Enterococcus faecalis str. OG1RF
obo:NCBITaxon_226185
  A Enterococcus faecalis strain V583
  A Enterococcus faecalis str. V583
obo:NCBITaxon_562
  A Escherichia/Shigella coli
  A Bacillus coli
  A Bacterium coli commune
  A E. coli
  A Escherichia coli
  A Bacterium coli
  A Enterococcus coli
obo:NCBITaxon_216592
  A Escherichia coli strain 042
  A Escherichia coli str. 042
obo:NCBITaxon_481805
  A Escherichia coli strain ATCC 8739
  A Escherichia coli str. ATCC 8739
obo:NCBITaxon_511693
  A Escherichia coli strain BL21
  A Escherichia coli str. BL21
obo:NCBITaxon_469008
  A Escherichia coli strain BL21(DE3)
  A Escherichia coli str. BL21(DE3)
obo:NCBITaxon_668369
  A Escherichia coli strain DH5[alpha]
  A Escherichia coli str. DH5[alpha]
obo:NCBITaxon_316401
  A Escherichia coli ETEC strain H10407
  A Escherichia coli ETEC str. H10407
obo:NCBITaxon_634468
  A Escherichia coli strain HB101
  A Escherichia coli str. HB101
obo:NCBITaxon_83333
  A Escherichia coli K12
obo:NCBITaxon_364106
  A Escherichia coli strain UTI89
  A Escherichia coli str. UTI89
obo:NCBITaxon_566546
  A Escherichia coli strain W
  A Escherichia coli str. W
  A E. coli W
obo:NCBITaxon_39482
  A [Eubacterium] contortum
obo:NCBITaxon_239
  A Flavibacterium sp.
obo:NCBITaxon_850
  A Fusibacterium mortiferum
  A [Clostridium] rectum
obo:NCBITaxon_859
  A Fusibacterium necrophorum
obo:NCBITaxon_851
  A Fusibacterium nucleatum
obo:NCBITaxon_856
  A Fusibacterium varium
  A Fusibacterium pseudonecrophorum
obo:NCBITaxon_1422
  A Bacillus thermoliquefaciens
  A Bacillus stearothermophilus
  A Geobacillus stearothermophilus
obo:NCBITaxon_738
  A [Haemophilus] parasuis
bao:BAO_0000631
  D "Causes mild infections such as \"strep throat\" to severe diseases such as necrotizing fasciitis and streptococcal toxic shock syndrome."
obo:NCBITaxon_210
  A Helicobacter nemestrinae
  A Campylobacter pyloridis
  A Campylobacter pylori subsp. pylori
  A Campylobacter pylori
  A Helicobacter pylori
obo:NCBITaxon_85962
  A Helicobacter pylori strain 26695
  A Helicobacter pylori str. 26695
  A Helicobacter pylori (strain 26695)
obo:NCBITaxon_563041
  A Helicobacter pylori strain G27
  A Helicobacter pylori str. G27
obo:NCBITaxon_357544
  A Helicobacter pylori strain HPAG1
  A Helicobacter pylori str. HPAG1
obo:NCBITaxon_85963
  A Helicobacter pylori strain J99
  A Helicobacter pylori str. J99
obo:NCBITaxon_573
  A Bacillus pneumoniae
  A 'Klebsiella aerogenes' (Kruse) Taylor et al. 1956
  A Hyalococcus pneumoniae
  A Klebsiella pneumoniae
  A Bacterium pneumoniae crouposae
  A Klebsiella pneumoniae aerogenes
obo:NCBITaxon_321967
  A Lactobacillus casei ATCC 334
  A Lactobacillus casei strain ATCC 334
  A Lactobacillus casei str. ATCC 334
obo:NCBITaxon_1245
  A Betacoccus arabinosaceus
  A Ascococcus mesenteroides
  A Leuconostoc mesenteroides
obo:NCBITaxon_1641
  A Listeria grayi grayi
obo:NCBITaxon_69966
  A Staphylococcus caseilyticus
obo:NCBITaxon_81682
  A Methylivorus
obo:NCBITaxon_1773
  A Mycobacterium tuberculosis
  A Mycobacterium tuberculosis var. hominis
  A Bacillus tuberculosis
  A Bacterium tuberculosis
  A Mycobacterium tuberculosis typus humanus
  A Mycobacterium tuberculosis variant tuberculosis
obo:NCBITaxon_419947
  A Mycobacterium tuberculosis strain H37Ra
  A Mycobacterium tuberculosis str. H37Ra
obo:NCBITaxon_83332
  A Mycobacterium tuberculosis strain H37Rv
  A Mycobacterium tuberculosis str. H37Rv
obo:NCBITaxon_652616
  A Mycobacterium tuberculosis ATCC 35801 = str. Erdman
obo:NCBITaxon_29314
  A Mycobacterium hiberniense
obo:NCBITaxon_98668
  A Mycobacterium concordense
  A Mycobacterium genomospecies 3
obo:NCBITaxon_95162
  A Nocardia amycolata
obo:NCBITaxon_37326
  A Nocardia brasilensis
obo:NCBITaxon_37333
  A Nocardia transvaalensis
obo:NCBITaxon_61647
  A Enterobacter gergoviensis
obo:NCBITaxon_1743
  A Propionicibacterium
obo:NCBITaxon_208964
  A Pseudomonas sp. PAO1
  A Pseudomonas aeruginosa PAO1
obo:NCBITaxon_1750
  A Propionicibacterium propionicum
  A Propionicibacterium propionicus
obo:NCBITaxon_1290428
  A Rickettsia prowazekii Breinl
obo:NCBITaxon_272947
  A Rickettsia prowazekii strain Madrid E
  A Rickettsia prowazekii 'Madrid E'
obo:NCBITaxon_369723
  A Salinispora tropica strain CNB-440
  A Salinispora tropica str. CNB-440
obo:NCBITaxon_90370
  A Salmonella enterica serovar Typhi
  A Salmonella typhi
  A Bacillus typhi
  A Salmonella enterica ser. typhi
  A Salmonella choleraesuis typhi
  A Salmonella enterica serotype Typhi
  A Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Typhi
  A Salmonella choleraesuis serovar Typhi
  A Bacterium (subgen. Eberthella) typhi
obo:NCBITaxon_90371
  A Salmonella typhi-murium
  A Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Typhimurium
  A Salmonella typhimurium
  A Salmonella choleraesuis serotype typhimurium
  A Salmonella enterica ser. typhimurium
  A Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium
  A Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar 1,4,[5],12,:i:1,2
  A Salmonella enterica 1,4,[5],12,:i:1,2
  A Bacillus typhimurium
  A Salmonella enterica serotype Typhimurium
obo:NCBITaxon_99287
  A Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Typhimurium LT2
  A Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Typhimurium strain LT2-LTL2
  A Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Typhimurium strain LT2
obo:NCBITaxon_216597
  A Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Typhimurium strain SL1344
  A Salmonella enterica subsp. enterica serovar Typhimurium SL1344
obo:NCBITaxon_1280
  A Staphylococcus pyogenes aureus
  A Staphlococcus pyogenes citreus
  A Micrococcus pyogenes
  A Micrococcus aureus
  A Staphylococcus aureus
obo:NCBITaxon_1046577
  A Staphylococcus aureus strain C1
  A Staphylococcus aureus str. C1
obo:NCBITaxon_46170
  A Staphylococcus aureus aureus
obo:NCBITaxon_342451
  A Staphylococcus saprophyticus subsp. saprophyticus str. ATCC 15305
  A Staphylococcus saprophyticus subsp. saprophyticus strain ATCC 15305
obo:NCBITaxon_373153
  A Streptococcus pneumoniae strain D39
  A Streptococcus pneumoniae str. D39
  A Streptococcus pneumoniae D39
obo:NCBITaxon_370551
  A Streptococcus pyogenes strain MGAS9429
  A Streptococcus pyogenes str. MGAS9429
obo:NCBITaxon_300852
  A Thermus thermophilus strain HB8
  A Thermus thermophilus str. HB8
obo:NCBITaxon_546273
  A Veillonella dispar strain ATCC 17748
  A Veillonella dispar str. ATCC 17748
obo:NCBITaxon_882102
  A Vibrio anguillarum strain 775
  A Vibrio anguillarum str. 775
obo:NCBITaxon_243277
  A Vibrio cholerae El Tor N16961
  A Vibrio cholerae serotype O1 biotype El Tor strain N16961
  A Vibrio cholerae serotype O1 biotype ElTor strain N16961
obo:NCBITaxon_669
  A Beneckea harveyi
  A Photobacterium harveyi
  A Achromobacter harveyi
  A Vibrio trachuri
  A Vibrio carchariae
  A Pseudomonas harveyi
  A Beneckea neptuna
  A Vibrio harveyi
  A Lucibacterium harveyi
obo:NCBITaxon_765953
  A Waddlia chondrophila strain 2032/99
  A Waddlia chondrophila str. 2032/99
obo:NCBITaxon_716544
  A Waddlia chondrophila strain WSU 86-1044
  A Waddlia chondrophila str. WSU 86-1044
obo:NCBITaxon_630
  A Bacterium enterocoliticum
  A Yersinia enterocolitica
obo:NCBITaxon_913028
  A Yersinia enterocolitica strain W22703
  A Yersinia enterocolitica str. W22703
obo:NCBITaxon_633
  A Bacterium pseudotuberculosis
  A Yersinia pseudotuberculosis
  A Pasteurella pseudotuberculosis
  A Bacillus pseudotuberkulosis
  A Shigella pseudotuberculosis
  A Pasteurella lymphangitidis
obo:NCBITaxon_273123
  A Yersinia pseudotuberculosis strain IP 32953
  A Yersinia pseudotuberculosis str. IP 32953
  A Yersinia pseudotuberculosis IP32953
obo:NCBITaxon_502800
  A Yersinia pseudotuberculosis strain YPIII
  A Yersinia pseudotuberculosis str. YPIII
obo:NCBITaxon_1116234
  A Acinetobacter baumannii str. AB5075
  A Acinetobacter baumannii strain AB5075
obo:NCBITaxon_400667
  A Acinetobacter baumannii strain ATCC 17978
  A Acinetobacter baumannii str. ATCC 17978
obo:NCBITaxon_509173
  A Acinetobacter baumannii strain AYE
  A Acinetobacter baumannii str. AYE
obo:NCBITaxon_114517
  A Aeromonas veronii biovar sobria
obo:NCBITaxon_312309
  A Vibrio fischeri strain ES114
  A Vibrio fischeri str. ES114
obo:NCBITaxon_1409
  A Bacillus sp.
obo:NCBITaxon_592022
  A Bacillus megaterium strain DSM 319
  A Bacillus megaterium str. DSM 319
obo:NCBITaxon_279010
  A Bacillus licheniformis ATCC 14580 = DSM 13
obo:NCBITaxon_412694
  A Bacillus thuringiensis strain Al Hakam
  A Bacillus thuringiensis 'Al Hakam'
obo:NCBITaxon_28113
  A [Prevotella] heparinolytica
obo:NCBITaxon_28119
  A [Prevotella] zoogleoformans
obo:NCBITaxon_483216
  A Bacteroides eggerthii strain DSM 20697
  A Bacteroides eggerthii str. DSM 20697
obo:NCBITaxon_272559
  A Bacteroides fragilis strain NCTC 9343
  A Bacteroides fragilis str. NCTC 9343
obo:NCBITaxon_226186
  A Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron strain VPI-5482
  A Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron str. VPI-5482
obo:NCBITaxon_283166
  A Bartonella henselae strain Houston-1
obo:NCBITaxon_367928
  A Bifidobacterium adolescentis strain ATCC 15703
  A Bifidobacterium adolescentis str. ATCC 15703
obo:NCBITaxon_204722
  A Brucella suis str. 1330
obo:NCBITaxon_292
  A Burkholderia cepacia genomovar I
obo:NCBITaxon_216591
  A Burkholderia cenocepacia str. J2315
obo:NCBITaxon_272560
  A Burkholderia pseudomallei strain K96243
  A Burkholderia pseudomallei str. K96243
obo:NCBITaxon_271848
  A Burkholderia thailandensis str. E264
  A Burkholderia thailandensis strain E264
obo:NCBITaxon_32019
  A Campylobacter fetus fetus
obo:NCBITaxon_331636
  A Chlamydophila psittaci strain 6BC
  A Chlamydophila psittaci str. 6BC
obo:NCBITaxon_596777
  A Chlamydia trachomatis strain E/Bour
  A Chlamydia trachomatis str. E/Bour
obo:NCBITaxon_596781
  A Chlamydia trachomatis strain J/UW-36
  A Chlamydia trachomatis str. J/UW-36
obo:NCBITaxon_272563
  A Clostridium difficile strain 630
  A Clostridium difficile str. 630
  A Clostridium difficile 630 (epidemic type X)
obo:NCBITaxon_645462
  A Clostridium difficile strain CD196
  A Clostridium difficile str. CD196
obo:NCBITaxon_195103
  A Clostridium perfringens strain ATCC 13124
  A Clostridium perfringens str. ATCC 13124
obo:NCBITaxon_289380
  A Clostridium perfringens strain SM101
  A Clostridium perfringens str. SM101
obo:NCBITaxon_43771
  A Corynebacterium ureailyticum
obo:NCBITaxon_411464
  A Desulfovibrio piger strain ATCC 29098
  A Desulfovibrio piger str. ATCC 29098
obo:NCBITaxon_548
  A [Enterobacter] aerogenes
obo:NCBITaxon_622
  A Escherichia/Shigella dysenteriae
obo:NCBITaxon_623
  A Escherichia/Shigella flexneri
obo:NCBITaxon_679895
  A Escherichia coli strain BW25113
  A Escherichia coli str. BW25113
obo:NCBITaxon_316385
  A Escherichia coli strain K12 substrain DH10B
  A Escherichia coli str. K12 substr. DH10B
  A Escherichia coli DH10B
obo:NCBITaxon_511145
  A Escherichia coli strain MG1655
  A Escherichia coli str. MG1655
  A Escherichia coli str. K12 substr. MG1655
obo:NCBITaxon_316407
  A Escherichia coli strain W3110
  A Escherichia coli str. W3110
  A Escherichia coli str. K12 substr. W3110
obo:NCBITaxon_334413
  A Finegoldia magna strain ATCC 29328
  A Finegoldia magna str. ATCC 29328
obo:NCBITaxon_376619
  A Francisella tularensis subsp. holarctica strain LVS
  A Francisella tularensis subsp. holarctica str. LVS
obo:NCBITaxon_177416
  A Francisella tularensis subsp. tularensis str. SCHU S4
  A Francisella tularensis subsp. tularensis strain SCHU S4
obo:NCBITaxon_730
  A Haemophilus ducreyi
obo:NCBITaxon_233412
  A Haemophilus ducreyi 35000HP
obo:NCBITaxon_71421
  A Haemophilus influenzae Rd
  A Haemophilus influenzae KW20
obo:NCBITaxon_1590
  A Lactobacillus arizonae
obo:NCBITaxon_557433
  A Lactobacillus reuteri str. JCM 1112
  A Lactobacillus reuteri strain JCM 1112
obo:NCBITaxon_393133
  A Listeria monocytogenes strain 10403S
  A Listeria monocytogenes str. 10403S
obo:NCBITaxon_169963
  A Listeria monocytogenes str. EGD-e
  A Listeria monocytogenes strain EGD-e
  A Listeria monocytogenes EGDe
obo:NCBITaxon_1770
  A Mycobacterium avium paratuberculosis
obo:NCBITaxon_410289
  A Mycobacterium bovis BCG strain Pasteur 1173P2
  A Mycobacterium bovis BCG Pasteur 1173P2
obo:NCBITaxon_557599
  A Mycobacterium kansasii strain ATCC 12478
  A Mycobacterium kansasii str. ATCC 12478
obo:NCBITaxon_561007
  A Mycobacterium abscessus strain ATCC 19977
  A Mycobacterium abscessus str. ATCC 19977
obo:NCBITaxon_246196
  A Mycobacterium smegmatis 'MC2 155'
obo:NCBITaxon_722438
  A Mycoplasma pneumoniae strain FH
  A Mycoplasma pneumoniae str. FH
obo:NCBITaxon_272634
  A Mycoplasma pneumoniae strain M129
  A Mycoplasma pneumoniae str. M129
obo:NCBITaxon_435591
  A Parabacteroides distasonis strain ATCC 8503
  A Parabacteroides distasonis str. ATCC 8503
obo:NCBITaxon_879243
  A Porphyromonas asaccharolytica str. DSM 20707
  A Porphyromonas asaccharolytica strain DSM 20707
obo:NCBITaxon_431947
  A Porphyromonas gingivalis strain ATCC 33277
  A Porphyromonas gingivalis str. ATCC 33277
obo:NCBITaxon_868129
  A Prevotella bivia str. DSM 20514
  A Prevotella bivia strain DSM 20514
obo:NCBITaxon_873513
  A Prevotella buccae strain ATCC 33574
  A Prevotella buccae str. ATCC 33574
obo:NCBITaxon_553174
  A Prevotella melaninogenica str. ATCC 25845
  A Prevotella melaninogenica strain ATCC 25845
obo:NCBITaxon_873533
  A Prevotella oralis strain ATCC 33269
  A Prevotella oralis str. ATCC 33269
obo:NCBITaxon_652611
  A Pseudomonas aeruginosa strain PA14
  A Pseudomonas aeruginosa str. PA14
obo:NCBITaxon_176279
  A Staphylococcus epidermidis str. RP62A
  A Staphylococcus epidermidis strain RP62A
obo:NCBITaxon_1118959
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus strain M013
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus str. M013
obo:NCBITaxon_282458
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus strain MRSA252
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus str. MRSA252
obo:NCBITaxon_418127
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus strain Mu3
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus str. Mu3
obo:NCBITaxon_93061
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus strain NCTC 8325
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus str. NCTC 8325
obo:NCBITaxon_426430
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus strain Newman
obo:NCBITaxon_367830
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus strain USA300
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus str. USA300
obo:NCBITaxon_561307
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus strain RN4220
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus str. RN4220
obo:NCBITaxon_451516
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus strain USA300_TCH1516
  A Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus str. USA300_TCH1516
obo:NCBITaxon_342616
  A Streptococcus agalactiae strain COH1
  A Streptococcus agalactiae str. COH1
obo:NCBITaxon_29390
  A Streptococcus gordonii Challis
obo:NCBITaxon_160490
  A Streptococcus pyogenes (serotype 1 / M1 GAS)
obo:NCBITaxon_388919
  A Streptococcus sanguinis strain SK36
  A Streptococcus sanguinis str. SK36
obo:NCBITaxon_40041
  A Streptococcus equi zooepidemicus
obo:NCBITaxon_54571
  A Streptomyces venezuelensis
obo:NCBITaxon_227882
  A Streptomyces avermitilis NBRC 14893 = MA-4680
obo:NCBITaxon_243274
  A Thermotoga maritima strain MSB8
  A Thermotoga maritima str. MSB8
obo:NCBITaxon_579112
  A Vibrio cholerae strain M66-2
  A Vibrio cholerae str. M66-2
obo:NCBITaxon_214092
  A Yersinia pestis strain CO92
  A Yersinia pestis str. CO92
obo:NCBITaxon_10906
  A Bluetongue virus type 10
  A Bluetongue virus (SEROTYPE 10)
  A Bluetongue virus 10
obo:NCBITaxon_10326
  A Equine herpesvirus 1
obo:NCBITaxon_102793
  A H5N1
  A H5N1 subtype
obo:NCBITaxon_11103
  A human hepatitis C virus HCV
  A human hepatitis C virus
  A Hepatitis C virus
  A hepatitis C virus HCV
  A post-transfusion hepatitis non A non B virus
  A Hepacivirus C
  A human hepatitis virus C HCV
obo:NCBITaxon_10335
  A Varicella-zoster virus
obo:NCBITaxon_10376
  A Epstein-Barr virus
  A Human herpesvirus type 4
  A Epstein Barr virus
  A Human gammaherpesvirus 4
  A Human herpesvirus 4
  A Epstein-Barr virus EBV
obo:NCBITaxon_11676
  A human immunodeficiency virus 1 HIV-1
  A human immunodeficiency virus type-1 HIV-1
  A human immunodeficiency virus type 1 HIV-1
  A Human immunodeficiency virus 1
  A AIDS virus
  A human immunodeficiency virus type 1 HIV 1
  A human immunodeficiency virus-1 HIV-1
  A Human immunodeficiency virus type 1
  A human immunodeficiency virus type 1, HIV-1
  A human immunodeficiency virus type 1 HIV1
  A human immunodeficiency virus HIV-1
  A human immunodeficiency virus type I HIV-1
obo:NCBITaxon_11250
  A human RSV
  A Human respiratory syncytial virus
  A Human orthopneumovirus
obo:NCBITaxon_11620
  A Lassa virus
  A Lassa mammarenavirus
obo:NCBITaxon_11269
  A Marburg virus MBG
  A Lake Victoria marburgvirus
  A Marburg marburgvirus
obo:NCBITaxon_10366
  A Murine cytomegalovirus
obo:NCBITaxon_10245
  A vaccinia virus VV
  A Vaccinia virus
obo:NCBITaxon_10255
  A small pox virus
  A smallpox virus
  A smallpox
obo:NCBITaxon_11036
  A Venezuelan equine encephalomyelitis virus
  A Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus VEE
  A Venezuelan equine encephalitis VEE
  A Venezuelan equine encephalitis virus
obo:NCBITaxon_11082
  A West Nile virus
obo:NCBITaxon_103920
  A Guinea pig cytomegalovirus (strain 22122 / ATCC VR682)
obo:NCBITaxon_10359
  A Human cytomegalovirus
obo:NCBITaxon_10310
  A Herpes simplex virus type 2 (HSV-2)
obo:NCBITaxon_10325
  A monkey B virus
bao:BAO_0000434
  D "Has curve fit parameters, curve fit method, properties like Hill coefficient, concentration range, and measurement repetition. It involves capturing the trend in the data by assigning a single function across the entire range. The goal of curve fitting is to find the parameter values that most closely match the data."
bao:BAO_0000179
  D "The endpoint is a quantitive or qualitative interpretable standardized representation of a perturbation (a change from a defined reference state of a \"closed\" model system) that is measured by the bioassay.  An endpoint consists of a series of data points, one for each perturbing agent (screened entity) tested the assay."
bao:BAO_0000103
  D "Endpoint action correlation describes weather a low or high endpoint value corresponds to low or high activity. Specifically if the endpoint value is positively or inversely correlated with the action that corresponds to the endpoint and which is specified as 'mode of action'. For example 'percent control' can be positively correlated with enzyme activity (remaining activity) and inversely correlated with the mode of action (function) inhibition depending on how the signal is normalized."
bao:BAO_0000074
  D "This refers to the effect of the perturbagen on the target of an assay, whether it brings about inhibition, activation, cytotoxicity, etc."
  A MOA
bao:BAO_0000519
  D "It is the trend of measured readout signal, whether it increases or decreases in perturbagen treated wells, as compared to the untreated or carrier-treated wells and the endpoint mode of action of an assay."
bao:BAO_0000625
  D "A mathematical model / equation to which the data is fitted (using the curve fit method / algorithm)."
bao:BAO_0000443
  D "It identifies whether the data has been normalized (by Z and Z' factors, signal to background, signal to noise, and coefficient of variance), or if it was an immediate readout obtained from a HTS assay."
bao:BAO_0000435
  D "The Hill equation is commonly used to estimate the number of ligand molecules that are required to bind to a receptor to produce a functional effect. The Hill coefficient can be considered as an interaction coefficient, reflecting the extent of cooperativity among multiple ligand binding sites."
bao:BAO_0000444
  D "Data can be normalized by Z and Z' factors, signal to background, signal to noise, and coefficient of variance. Plate based normalization is usually based on controls. In the absence of controls, the Z-score can be used to normalize the data by plate."
bao:BAO_0000445
  D "The readout obtained from a HTS assay which includes measurements from the positive and negative control wells in each plate. This is the data that needs to be processed."
bao:BAO_0080045
  D "A categorical endpoint is any result that can take one of a limited number of possible values."
bao:BAO_0000180
  D "It can refer to the screening concentration (for example in a primary assay) or it can be a concentration at which the perturbagen mediates a defined response, such as IC50 or EC50. It always has one value and a concentration unit."
bao:BAO_0002118
  D "An endpoint derived from calculus-based analysis of graphical measures."
bao:BAO_0002128
  D "A measurement of an intrinsic property of a molecular entity."
bao:BAO_0002136
  D "An endpoint defined by a set of measurements from a multiparametric assay.  The set of measurements may be aggregated to an overall profile score, weighting each measurment in the profile relative to a desired outcome."
bao:BAO_0000016
  D "They are used to express the binding interactions between labeled or unlabeled ligands with protein receptors and include Bmax, Kd, etc."
bao:BAO_0080042
  D "A ratio endpoint is the relative relation between two quantitative results (a/b)"
bao:BAO_0000181
  D "Reporting the extent / magnitude of the perturbation (induced by the perturbagen) such as percent inhibition. Response-type endpoints would typically be obtained from a single concentration perturbagen measurement."
bao:BAO_0000585
  D "The types of endpoints that report changes in temperature as a measure of a biological reaction, e.g. tm."
bao:BAO_0002114
  D "An endpoint defined by a length in time at which a desired effect or observation occurs."
bao:BAO_0080024
  D "Any result reported as a simple binary assessment, such as 'active/ inactive', 'true/ false', etc."
bao:BAO_0002116
  D "An endpoint defined an effect seen in animals at a particular dosage, typically defined as a ratio of treatment to animal mass (e.g., mg/kg)."
bao:BAO_0002752
  D "Measured / detected concentration of the perturbagen / compound in the assay or a subsystem (locally) in the assay. For example measured absolute concentration in the brain. This is in contrast to screening concentration, which is the (final assumed) concentration of a compound added to the assay."
bao:BAO_0000098
  D "The concentration of a perturbagen used in an assay to elicit the biological effect or perturbation. This typically assumes uniform / equal distribution of the perturbagen / compound in the assay system (typically a screening well)."
bao:BAO_0002878
  D "The compound concentration at which the fitted curve passes activity threshold 10."
bao:BAO_0002877
  D "The compound concentration at which the fitted curve passes activity threshold 1000."
bao:BAO_0002879
  D "The compound concentration at which the fitted curve passes activity threshold 26."
bao:BAO_0002880
  D "The compound concentration at which the fitted curve passes activity threshold 35."
bao:BAO_0002881
  D "The compound concentration at which the fitted curve passes activity threshold 40."
bao:BAO_0000186
  D "The effective concentration of a perturbagen, which produces 50% of the maximal possible response, which could mean either activation (EC50) or inhibition (IC50) for that perturbagen."
  A Potency
bao:BAO_0002882
  D "The compound concentration at which the fitted curve passes activity threshold 500."
bao:BAO_0000187
  D "The effective concentration of a cytotoxic compound, which produces 50% of the maximum possible cell death for that compound.  Although the cytotoxic compound induces cell death, we define CC50 as subclass of IC50, because critical cellular processes are inhibited and CC50 is often used as a more specific description of IC50 for cell toxicity assays.\nCompound cytotoxicity is an important parameter to measure when developing potential human therapeutics. Cytotoxicity can be determined for example as a measure of radioisotope (3H thymidine or 51Cr) release, lactate dehydrogenase release from damaged cells, tetrazolium salt and alamar blue reduction, fluorescent dyes that selectively stain live or dead cells,  or decrease in ATP content. ATP levels are detected using a luminescence based assay kit such as CellTiter-Glo (Promega). ATP values higher than controls (untreated cells) indicate proliferation and cultures with ATP concentrations lower than controls indicate cytotoxicity."
bao:BAO_0002862
  D "The concentration of compound that elicits an extension of circadian period length by 5 hours."
bao:BAO_0000599
  D "The effective concentration of an agonist, which produces 30% of the maximum possible response for that agonist."
bao:BAO_0000188
  D "The effective concentration of an agonist, which produces 50% of the maximum possible response for that agonist."
bao:BAO_0002883
  D "The compound concentration whereupon perceived activity reaches the maximum value observed (with a positive control)."
bao:BAO_0000189
  D "The effective concentration of a growth inhibitor, which produces 50% of the maximum possible response for that inhibitor. GI50 is calculated from [(Ti-Tz)/(C-Tz)] x 100 = 50, where Tz is absorbance at time zero, Ti is absorbance in the presence of test drug, and C is absorbance in the control (untreated cells). \nAs a measure of viable or proliferating cells, different researchers measure different parameters, namely, protein content (by sulforhodamine B staining followed by absorbance measurement), mitochondrial dehydrogenase activity (by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl tetrasodium bromide, known as MTT staining followed by absorbance measurement), expression of proliferation associated antigens (by immunostaining for Ki-67), and ATP content (by using CellTiter-Glo reagent (Promega) followed by luminescence measurement)."
  A growth inhibition by 50%
bao:BAO_0080001
  D "The effective concentration of an inhibitor, which produces 20% of the maximum possible response for that inhibitor."
bao:BAO_0080002
  D "The effective concentration of an inhibitor, which produces 25% of the maximum possible response for that inhibitor."
bao:BAO_0080003
  D "The effective concentration of an inhibitor, which produces 30% of the maximum possible response for that inhibitor."
bao:BAO_0000190
  D "The effective concentration of an inhibitor, which produces 50% of the maximum possible response for that inhibitor."
bao:BAO_0000191
  D "The effective concentration of an inhibitor, which produces 80% of the maximum possible response for that inhibitor."
bao:BAO_0002144
  D "The effective concentration of an inhibitor, which produces 90% of the maximum possible response for that inhibitor."
bao:BAO_0002145
  D "It is 50% lethal concentration (the concentration that kills 50% of treated cells)."
bao:BAO_0002146
  D "The lowest concentration of an inhibitor (antimicrobial agent) required to inhibit the growth of a microorganism."
  A minimum inhibitory concentration
bao:BAO_0003035
  D "The lowest concentration of an antimicrobial agent required to inhibit the growth of 50% of organisms."
bao:BAO_0003038
  D "The negative logarithm (log10) of the molar concentration of antagonist which requires the agonist concentration to be doubled in order to achieve the original response."
bao:BAO_0080016
  D "The concentration of compound required to kill 50% of a cell population (i.e., 50% inhibitory concentration in a cytotoxicity assay)."
bao:BAO_0080017
  D "50% Tissue Culture Infective Dose (TCID50) is the measure of infectious virus titer. This endpoint dilution assay quantifies the amount of virus required to kill 50% of infected hosts or to produce a cytopathic effect in 50% of inoculated tissue culture cells."
bao:BAO_0000194
  D "TGI is total growth inhibition, which is the effective concentration of a growth inhibitor, which produces 0% relative growth for that inhibitor. Thus TGI signifies a cytostatic effect.\ntgi is calculated from [(Ti-Tz)/(C-Tz)] x 100 =0, where Ti = Tz and Tz is absorbance at time zero, Ti is absorbance in the presence of test drug, and C is absorbance in the control (untreated cells). \nAs a measure of viable cells, different researchers measure different parameters, namely, protein content (by sulforhodamine B staining followed by absorbance measurement), mitochondrial dehydrogenase activity (by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl tetrasodium bromide, known as MTT staining followed by absorbance measurement), and ATP content (by using CellTiter-Glo reagent (Promega) followed by luminescence measurement)."
  A total growth inhibition
bao:BAO_0002583
  D "pEC50 is -logEC50, where EC50 is the effective concentration of an agonist, which produces 50% of the maximum possible response for that agonist."
  A -log EC50
bao:BAO_0002885
  D "The agonist concentration whereupon perceived activity reaches the maximum value observed (with a positive control)."
bao:BAO_0002886
  D "The compound concentration whereupon perceived activity (fold increase) reaches the maximum value observed (with a positive control)."
bao:BAO_0002887
  D "The compound concentration whereupon perceived activity (percent inhibition) reaches the maximum value observed (with a positive control)."
bao:BAO_0002884
  D "The compound concentration whereupon perceived activity (change in Tm) reaches the maximum value observed (with a positive control)."
bao:BAO_0000197
  D "Absolute IC50 (calculated from the curve-fit function) is the concentration corresponding to exactly 50 percent inhibition. It is obtained from the curve fit function (back-calculated IC50) and can also be extrapolated. Commonly the relative IC50 is reported; however in cell proliferation assays absolute IC50 is often used. The absolute IC50 can be more reproducible."
bao:BAO_0000198
  D "The concentration of a test substance that produces an inhibitory effect corresponding to 50% of the activity of that particular substance (i.e. 50% of the difference between top and bottom of fitted curve). It can also be described as the concentration corresponding to the inflection point of the curve."
bao:BAO_0000199
  D "pIC50 is -log IC50, where IC50 is the effective concentration of an inhibitor, which produces 50% of the maximum possible response for that inhibitor."
  A -log IC50
bao:BAO_0003036
  D "It is the dose that produces an effect in 50% of the tested population, or the dose required to produce half-maximal response."
bao:BAO_0002117
  D "The median lethal dose is the dose required to kill (produce lethality) in 50% of tested population."
  A lethal dose 50%
bao:BAO_0002122
  D "Endpoint values derived from an exponential growth curve, such as in a PCR reaction."
bao:BAO_0002120
  D "It is the area under the drug concentration-time curve (AUC) following a single dose or at steady state, and is expressed as weight*time/volume."
  A area under curve
bao:BAO_0002119
  D "The maximal concentration of a drug achieved following administration (maximum point of a concentration-time curve)."
bao:BAO_0080037
  D "Maximum induction effect (dimensionless)"
bao:BAO_0003042
  D "Bioavailability is a subcategory of absorption and is the fraction (or %) of unchanged drug that reaches the systemic circulation, thereby accessing the site of action. It is usually determined as the ratio of AUC(oral)/AUC(iv)."
  A Bioavailability
  A BA
bao:BAO_0003039
  D "In the disk diffusion susceptibility  test, the zone of inhibition is the clear area surrounding an antimicrobial disk where bacterial growth is inhibited, usually measured as a diameter. The diameter  of  the  zone  of  inhibition  is  proportional  to  the  susceptibility  of  the  organism tested."
  A Inhibition zone
bao:BAO_0002121
  D "Slope is described as the ratio of the change in y-axis divided by the change in x-axis between two points on a line or a curve.\n\nm= y2-y1 / x2-x1"
bao:BAO_0002123
  D "Crossing point- In an exponential amplification curve (i.e., qPCR amplification) the value in number of amplification cycles at which the signal enters log phase, as determined by the maximal second derivative of the curve."
  A crossing point
bao:BAO_0002124
  D "Quantificatoin cycle; general term, whether defined by Cp or Ct, for the value of interest determined from an exponential amplification curve (such as number of cycles in a PCR reaction)."
  A quantificatoin cycle
bao:BAO_0002125
  D "Crossing threshold; in an exponential amplification curve (i.e., qPCR amplification) the value in number of amplification cycles at which the signal crosses a defined threshold."
  A threshold cycle
bao:BAO_0002772
  D "The area under the drug concentration-time curve following an intravenous dose."
bao:BAO_0002771
  D "The area under the drug concentration-time curve following an oral dose."
bao:BAO_0080040
  D "The fraction of compound that does not bind to substrate (e.x. plasma proteins)"
bao:BAO_0002129
  D "Logarithm (log10) of the Distribution Coefficient, D, which is defined as the ratio of concentrations  of a small molecule / drug distributed between octanol and water.  LogD refers to the distribution of all forms of a compound between the two immiscible phases at equilibrium. It depends on pH of the aqueous phase, which is buffered to a specific value. A larger logD means the compound / drug is more hydrophobic (greasy) and a lower logD corresponds to better solubility in water."
bao:BAO_0002130
  D "Logarithm (log10) of the Partition Coefficient, P, which is defined as ratio of concentrations of a small molecule / drug distributed in octanol and water.  LogP refers to the distribution of un-ionized (neutral species of) compound between the two immiscible phases at equilibrium; the pH is adjusted such that the major microspecies is the un-ionized form. A larger logP means the compound / drug is more hydrophobic (greasy) and a lower logP corresponds to better solubility in water."
bao:BAO_0080038
  D "This is a measurement of how strongly a chemical species attenuates light at a given wavelength. Common units are L/(mol*cm)."
bao:BAO_0002132
  D "Percent purity is the ratio of mass of pure compound to the actual mass of the available/vendor supplied compound, multiplied by 100. The majority of compounds and elemental substances are only available with a larger or smaller amount of impurities, which contribute to the mass of the impure compound."
bao:BAO_0002131
  D "pKa is the negative log10 of the acid dissociation constant (Ka) of a molecule. Ka is the equilibrium constant for dissociation of the protonated base (acid) into the free base and a proton (hydromium ion)."
bao:BAO_0190006
  D "Negative base-10 logarithm of a solution's base dissociation constant (Kb)"
bao:BAO_0190005
  D "Negative base-10 logarithm of a solution's KD (drug affinity dissociation constant)"
bao:BAO_0190004
  D "Negative base-10 logarithm of KI, the equilibrium dissociation constant (Ki) of an antogonist-receptor complex"
bao:BAO_0080036
  A Relative Induction Score (RIS)
  A RIS
bao:BAO_0002135
  D "The ability of a chemical substance to dissolve in a solid, liquid, or gaseous solvent to form a homogeneous solution. The solubility of a given substance is dependent on the solvent used, as well as on temperature and pressure."
bao:BAO_0002133
  D "This is measured to assess the transport of a drug across the cell monolayer in the apical to basolateral (A-B) direction. Typically, CaCo2 cells are used in the permeability measurements during the ADME phase, which model the intestinal epithelium.."
bao:BAO_0002134
  D "This is measured to assess the transport of a drug across the cell monolayer in the basolateral to apical (B-A) direction. Typically, CaCo2 cells are used in the permeability measurements during the ADME phase, which model the intestinal epithelium."
bao:BAO_0002775
  D "The ability of a chemical substance to dissolve in water."
bao:BAO_0080011
  A FPKM
bao:BAO_0000587
  D "This endpoint type describes the bonding affinity between two molecules at equilibrium, e.g., drug-receptor interaction."
bao:BAO_0000487
  D "Describe kinetics of enzyme-catalyzed reactions. It includes the enzyme kinetic constants namely, Km and Vmax, which help to model the time course of disappearance of substrate and the production of product."
bao:BAO_0000033
  D "It is the amount of drug required to saturate a population of receptors and a measure of the number of receptors present in the sample. It is derived from Scatchard plot of binding data. It is analogous to Vmax in enzyme kinetics.  The units of Bmax include cpm, sites/cell or fmol/mg. http://graphpad.com/curvefit/fitting_specific_binding_.htm"
bao:BAO_0000034
  D "Kd \u2013 is the equilibrium dissociation constant for a drug.  It describes the affinity between a ligand (L) (such as a drug) and a protein (P). Ligand-protein affinities are influenced by non-covalent intermolecular interactions between the two molecules such as hydrogen bonding, electrostatic interactions, hydrophobic and Van der Waals forces. \nKd = ([P] [L]) / [PL]\nThe dissociation constant has molar units (M), which corresponds to the concentration of ligand [L] at which the binding site on a particular protein is half occupied, i.e. the concentration of ligand, at which the concentration of protein with ligand bound [PL], equals the concentration of protein with no ligand bound [P]. The smaller the dissociation constant, the more tightly bound the ligand is, or the higher the affinity between ligand and protein. http://www.graphpad.com/curvefit/law_of_mass_action.htm"
bao:BAO_0000192
  D "Ki is the equilibrium inhibitor dissociation constant, the concentration of the competing inhibitor that results in binding to half the enzymes sites at equilibrium in the absence of substrate or other competitors.\nThe Cheng and Prusoff equation: Ki - (IC50) / ( 1+ ([L]/Kd)) relates IC50 to Ki under conditions of competitive binding; Kd equilibrium dissociation constant of the (labeled) ligand, [L] ligand concentration.\nThe Cheng and Prusoff equation: Ki - (IC50) / ( 1+ ([S]/Km)) relates IC50 to Ki under conditions of competitive inhibition; Ki equilibrium enzyme inhibitor dissociation constant; Km Michaelis-Menton constant, [S] substrate concentration."
bao:BAO_0000481
  D "Turnover number representing the maximum number of substrate molecules converted to products per active site per unit time."
bao:BAO_0000477
  D "The concentration of substrate at  Vmax, according to the Henri-Michaelis-Menten kinetic model."
bao:BAO_0000479
  D "The off-rate associated with the release of inhibitor from an enzyme-inhibitor complex."
bao:BAO_0000480
  D "The on-rate associated with the formation of an enzyme-inhibitor complex."
bao:BAO_0000586
  D "Vmax is defined as the maximum initial velocity of an enzyme catalyzed reaction under the given conditions, and it is measured in units of quantity of substrate transformed per unit time for a given concentration of enzyme."
bao:BAO_0080044
  D "Ratio of AC50 values"
bao:BAO_0080043
  D "The ratio of the concentration of molecule in whole blood (i.e. contains both red blood cells and plasma) to the concentration of molecule in plasma, namely CB/CP."
bao:BAO_0000193
  D "It is the ratio of biological activity in the presence of an exogenous substance to that in its absence. The fold change is useful when comparing test compounds evaluated across multiple functional assays because varying levels of efficacy can be observed amongst the different or same reference agonists."
bao:BAO_0000082
  D "Percent increase or decrease of a predefined stimulus. Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay."
  A % response
bao:BAO_0000583
  D "Raw or qualitative data are reported as endpoints in an assay, e.g., luminescence counts, fluorescence intensity, etc."
bao:BAO_0002126
  D "Endpoint values determined by a statistical measurement of the signal relative to the populations of signals observed."
bao:BAO_0000375
  D "The ratio of biological activity in the presence of an exogenous substance to that in its absence. This result type is used exclusively with single point (screening concentration) assays."
bao:BAO_0000376
  D "The ratio of biological activity in the absence of an exogenous substance to that in its presence. This result type is used exclusively with single point (screening concentration) assays."
bao:BAO_0080039
  D "The maximum observed fold increase."
bao:BAO_0000656
  D "The maximum response that can be achieved with the perturbagen as percentage of the positive control."
  A Efficacy
bao:BAO_0000200
  D "Percent increase of a measureable response relative to some baseline. Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay.\nPercent activity measures the increased activity vs. an unperturbed state, i.e. percent activation := percent activity - 100; e.g. an agonist that results in twice the activity would have percent activity = 200 and percent activation = 100."
  A % activation
bao:BAO_0001103
  D "Percent activity is the response relative to an unperturbed state; in case of inhibition the interpretation is that of remaining activity, i.e. percent inhibition := 100 - percent activity."
bao:BAO_0002147
  D "It is a measure of the amount of radioligand that binds to its receptor in a competitive binding assay. It is the ratio of the bound to the total bound, where bound refers to the reading obtained from a binding reaction involving radioligand, receptor and a cold competitor ligand, while total bound is the reading obtained in the absence of any added competitor."
bao:BAO_0000143
  D "Percent control is the response relative to a reference state, typically to a high control. For example it can describe (remaining) activity of a kinase (or e.g. kinase bound to substrate).  Percent control could also quantify an inhibitory action depending on control and assay method."
bao:BAO_0000201
  D "Percent decrease of a measureable response as a consequence of compound treatment.  Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay. Percent inhibition is expressed relative to a positive control (which results in total inhibition)."
bao:BAO_0002148
  D "In a purification assay, percent recovery is the ratio of mass of the entity obtained after the affinity purification to the mass of the unpurified entity originally added in the assay, multiplied by 100."
bao:BAO_0000805
  D "The maximum percent activation of an agonist"
bao:BAO_0000804
  D "Maximum inhibition of an antagonist or inhibitor (relative an efficacious positive control)"
bao:BAO_0000346
  D "50% increase of a predefined stimulus. Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay."
  A 50% activation
bao:BAO_0000202
  D "It is a measure of living cells in a culture well. Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay. It can be estimated in the compound treated wells in comparison to vehicle-treated control wells and is expressed as a percent.\nViability is determined by measuring tetrazolium salt and alamar blue reduction, staining with selective fluorescent dyes, or ATP content. ATP levels are detected using a luminescence based assay kit such as CellTiter-Glo (Promega). ATP values higher than controls indicate proliferation and cultures with ATP concentrations lower than controls indicates cytotoxicity.\nPercent viability = 100-percent cytotoxicity"
  A % viability
bao:BAO_0002044
  D "This represents the percentage of cells in a cell population that have undergone the S phase (completed DNA replication) in preparation for mitosis, as indicated by staining positive for EdU."
bao:BAO_0002081
  D "This represents the percentage of cells in a cell population that have undergone the DNA synthesis in the S phase as indicated by staining positive for EdU, but have not undergone the M phase as they stained negative for MDM2. In other words, these cells were arrested in the G2/M cell cycle check-points after treatment with the respective perturbagen in the assay."
bao:BAO_0002042
  D "This represents the percentage of cells in a cell population that are preparing for cell division and that exist in either G1, S or G2 phases of the cell cycle. This is calculated by subtracting from the total cell number, the number of cells in the M phase, apoptotic and dead cells in an assay plate."
bao:BAO_0002040
  D "This represents the percentage of cells in a cell population that are in the M phase of the cell cycle. The cells in this phase can be detected using various markers, one of which is the characteristic phosphorylation of certain proteins that stain positive with MPM2 antibody."
bao:BAO_0002082
  D "This represents the percentage of cells in a cell population that have completed the mitotic cell cycle, and that have stained positive for both S phase (EdU) and M phase (MDM2) markers. In other words, these cells were not arrested in any of the cell cycle check-points after treatment with the respective perturbagen in the assay."
bao:BAO_0000349
  D "Assay has 50% living cells. Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay."
  A 50% viability
bao:BAO_0080035
  D "The property values are divided by the average value for the positive control wells and multiplied by 100: X' = 100*(X/PosAvg)"
  A percent postive control
  A % positive control
bao:BAO_0000347
  D "50% reduction of a predefined stimulus. Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay."
  A 50% inhibition
bao:BAO_0000348
  D "80% reduction of a predefined stimulus. Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay."
  A 80% inhibition
bao:BAO_0002667
  D "90% reduction of a predefined stimulus. Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay."
  A 90% inhibition
bao:BAO_0000006
  D "It is a measure of the number of dead cells in a culture well. We consider it as a subclass of 'percent inhibition', because cell death is induced by inhibition of vital cellular processes and percent cytotoxicity increases as the number of dead cells increases.  It can be estimated in the compound treated wells in comparison to vehicle-treated control wells and is expressed as a percent. The compound treatment is preferably performed in a short window of time to avoid masking the effect due to cell proliferation.\nCompound cytotoxicity is an important parameter to measure when developing potential human therapeutics. Cytotoxicity is determined as a measure of radioisotope (3H thymidine or 51Cr) release, lactate dehydrogenase release from damaged cells, tetrazolium salt and alamar blue reduction, fluorescent dyes that selectively stain live or dead cells, and decrease in ATP content. ATP levels are detected using a luminescence based assay kit such as CellTiter-Glo (Promega). ATP values higher than controls indicate proliferation and cultures with ATP concentrations lower than controls indicate cytotoxicity.\n\nPercent cytotoxicity = 100-percent viability"
  A % cytotoxicity
bao:BAO_0000096
  D "% growth reduction of a predefined stimulus. Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay."
  A % growth inhibition
bao:BAO_0000588
  D "The perturbagen mediated 50% of cells to die in an assay."
bao:BAO_0002006
  D "The percentage of cells in an assay that show the hallmarks of 'programmed cell death' or apoptosis, namely, membrane asymmetry, caspase activation, nuclear fragmentation, etc."
bao:BAO_0002046
  D "The percentage of cells in an assay that are no longer alive (viable), and show the characteristic features, such as staining with propidium iodide, blurry staining with DAPI, etc."
bao:BAO_0080041
  D "Count of cells as an endpoint"
bao:BAO_0000430
  D "The B score is an analog of the Z score, but is more resistant to the presence of outliers and to differences in the measurement error distributions of the compounds. It is calculated by first computing a two-way median to account for row and column effects of the plate,  which is then divided by their median absolute deviation to standardize for plate-to-plate variability."
bao:BAO_0002127
  D "The number of median absolute deviations outside the median of control or compound wells."
bao:BAO_0000432
  D "Random and systematic error can induce either underestimation (false negatives) or overestimation (false positives) of measured signals. Z score indicates how many standard deviations an observation is above or below the mean. For calculating this, the average of the plate values is subtracted from individual raw values and the difference divided by the standard deviation estimated from all measurements of the plate."
bao:BAO_0000581
  D "Tm is defined as the midpoint temperatuere of the protein unfolding transition. It is determined by generating a thermal denaturation curve for the target molecule and taking the midpoint temperature between folding and unfolding state of the protein.\nIn nucleic acid thermodynamics, it is the temperature at which 50% of the DNA strands and its perfect complement are in duplex."
  A melting temperature
bao:BAO_0002115
  D "Half-life of drug is the time taken for the concentration of the drug to decrease by half."
bao:BAO_0003037
  D "The time required for a drug to reach maximum concentration in plasma (Cmax) following administration."
bao:BAO_0002768
  D "The time taken for the concentration of the drug in an in-vitro system (e.g., liver microsomes) to decrease by half."
bao:BAO_0002766
  D "The time taken for the concentration of the drug in a particular tissue or blood plasma to decrease by half."
bao:BAO_0002759
  D "Clearance is the volume of plasma from which the drug is completely removed per unit time, or, alternatively, the volume of plasma that would have to lose all of the drug that it contains within a unit of time to account for an observed rate of drug elimination."
  A Drug clearance
bao:BAO_0003040
  D "Volume of Distribution is defined as the theoretical volume in which the total drug administered would need to be distributed to produce the concentration that is observed in plasma. Measured as the total amount of drug in the body divided by the concentration of drug in the plasma."
  A Volume of distribution
bao:BAO_0003041
  D "The theoretical volume in which the total drug administered would need to be distributed to produce the concentration that is observed in plasma at steady state i.e when the rate of change of amount of drug in the body is zero. VdSS is proportional to the amount of drug in the body versus the plasma concentration of the drug at steady state (pseudo-equilibrium)."
  A Volume of distribution at steady state
bao:BAO_0002774
  D "Clearance of the drug due to hepatic enzyme activity and biliary excretion."
bao:BAO_0002773
  D "Clearance of the drug due to renal excretion."
bao:BAO_0000476
  D "Concepts describing the type of perturbagen interaction with the receptor."
bao:BAO_0000084
  D "Data measuring the biological effect of a compound, e.g. % cell death, activation of reporter gene expression, inhibition of enzyme activity, etc."
bao:BAO_0000441
  D "An assay based on the competition between a labeled and an unlabeled ligand in the reaction with a receptor binding agent (e.g. antibody, receptor, transport protein)."
bao:BAO_0000085
  D "In this assay, the binding of the ligand to a receptor is permanent and cannot be dissociated by changing the binding conditions such as buffer, salt concentration, etc."
bao:BAO_0000442
  D "Non-competitive ligands interact with receptors at sites distinct from the competitive ligand binding pocket, conferring multiple modes of action."
bao:BAO_0000086
  D "In this assay, the interaction of the ligand with a receptor can be dissociated by changing the binding conditions, e.g. buffer, salt concentration, etc."
bao:BAO_0000579
  D "These experiments measure specific radioligand binding at equilibrium at various concentrations of the radioligand."
bao:BAO_0000087
  D "Increase of a predefined stimulus. Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay."
bao:BAO_0000091
  D "Reduction of a predefined stimulus. Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay."
bao:BAO_0000093
  D "Increase of a predefined stimulus. Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay."
bao:BAO_0002907
  D "Small molecule that can bind to sites other than the receptor active site and affect activity of the receptor."
bao:BAO_0000482
  D "A competitive inhibitor binds only to free enzyme. Often this binding event occurs on the active site of the target, precisely where substrate also binds. It will raise the apparent KM value for its substrate with no change in the apparent Vmax value. As a result, competitive inhibition can be overcome, observed by an increase in the apparent KI value, at higher concentrations of substrate."
bao:BAO_0000094
  D "Growth reduction of a predefined stimulus. Unit of Measure is always % when normalized to the dynamic range of the assay. \nAs a measure of viable or proliferating cells, different researchers measure different parameters, namely, protein content (by sulforhodamine B staining followed by absorbance measurement), mitochondrial dehydrogenase activity (by 3-(4,5-dimethylthiazol-2-yl)-2,5-diphenyl tetrasodium bromide, known as MTT staining followed by absorbance measurement), expression of proliferation associated antigens (by immunostaining for Ki-67), and ATP content (by using CellTiter-Glo reagent (Promega) followed by luminescence measurement."
bao:BAO_0000485
  D "A noncompetitive inhibitor binds equally well to both free enzyme and the enzyme-substrate complex. These binding events occur exclusively at a site distinct from the precise active site occupied by substrate. It will lower the apparent Vmax value, yet there is no effect on the apparent KM value for its substrate. Essentially, the KI of the inhibitor does not change as a function of the substrate concentration."
bao:BAO_0000488
  D "Partial inhibition results from the formation of an enzyme-substrate-inhibitor complex that can generate product with less efficiency than the enzyme-substrate complex."
bao:BAO_0000490
  D "In this type of inhibition, the population of free, soluble inhibitor is significantly depleted by the formation of the enzyme-inhibitor or enzyme-substrate-inhibitor complex. While tight-binding inhibitors can bind to the target enzyme in a competitive, noncompetitive, or uncompetitive manner with respect to substrate binding, they can display noncompetitive phenotypes."
bao:BAO_0000491
  D "Time-dependent inhibitors bind slowly to the enzyme on the time scale of enzymatic turnover, and thus display a change in initial velocity with time. This has the effect of slowing the observed onset of inhibition."
bao:BAO_0000483
  D "An uncompetitive inhibitor binds exclusively to the enzyme-substrate complex yielding an inactive enzyme-substrate-inhibitor complex. When encountered, the apparent Vmax value and the apparent KM value should both decrease."
bao:BAO_0000489
  D "An allosteric effector operates to enhance active site substrate affinity and/or catalysis.\nAn allosteric inhibitor decreases activity by binding to an allosteric site, other than or in addition to the active site on the target. This interaction is characterized by a conformational change in the target enzyme that is required for inhibition."
bao:BAO_0000090
  D "It is the toxic or cell-death inducing property of a perturbagen. Known cytotoxic agents mediate cell death commonly by necrosis, apoptosis, or autophagy. Cytotoxicity can be detected by measuring various aspects of the death process: e.g. membrane permeability, ATP concentration, DNA fragmentation, etc."
bao:BAO_0080007
  A neurite elongation
bao:BAO_0002152
  D "Increase in perturbation (reported by the endpoint mode of action, activation) is correlated to decrease in signal."
bao:BAO_0000261
  D "Increase in perturbation (reported by the endpoint mode of action, inhibition) is correlated to decrease in signal."
bao:BAO_0000260
  D "Increase in perturbation (reported by the endpoint mode of action, activation) is correlated to increase in signal."
bao:BAO_0002153
  D "Increase in perturbation (reported by the endpoint mode of action, inhibition) is correlated to increase in signal."
bao:BAO_0000661
  D "It is a collection of perturbagens, e.g., compound, siRNA, miRNA, etc, which are sold by different vendors, or generated in academic institutions."
bao:BAO_0000648
  D "The name of a small molecule collection from one source, which can be either commercial or academic, e.g., MLSMR, LOPAC, etc. This collection is generally diverse and contains compounds that modulate diverse biological targets."
bao:BAO_0000664
  D "It is a collection of miRNAs or microRNAs, which represents a single organism, a diseased state, etc. miRNAs bind the complementary sequences in the 3' UTRs of target mRNA transcripts, usually resulting in gene silencing."
  A micro ribonucleic acid library
  A micro RNA library
bao:BAO_0000663
  D "siRNA libraries consist of large number of siRNAs, which represent a single organism, a diseased state, etc. They bring about the cleavage of the target mRNAs to achieve gene silencing."
  A small interfering ribonucleic acid library
bao:BAO_0700004
  D "Any compound library consisting solely of small molecules that have been approved by the FDA. Often used for 'drug re-purposing' assays. The specific compounds included in any given FDA-approved compound library may differ based on availability or timing."
bao:BAO_0070002
  D "The Tox21 compound collection is a library of approximately 10,000 (10K) environmental chemicals and drugs (~10,500 chemicals (~8,300 unique)), also referred to as the 'Tox21 10K library'. Several publications, from NCATS and EPA.  See also https://www.epa.gov/chemical-research/toxicology-testing-21st-century-tox21 or https://ncats.nih.gov/tox21/about/operations."
bao:BAO_0700003
  D "A synthetic ligand consisting of a small molecule tethered (covalently or non-covalently) to a peptide."
bao:BAO_0000544
  D "esiRNAs are endoribonuclease-prepared siRNA pools comprised of a heterogeneous mixture of siRNAs that all target the same mRNA sequence."
  A Endoribonuclease-prepared siRNA
bao:BAO_0002016
  A LPS
bao:BAO_0000322
  D "miRNAs or microRNAs are short RNAs (~22 nucleotides long) that bind to complementary sequences in the three prime untranslated regions (3' UTRs) of target messenger RNA transcripts (mRNAs), usually resulting in gene silencing."
  A micro ribonucleic acid
  A micro RNA
bao:BAO_0000323
  D "Short hairpin RNA (shRNA) can be used to achieve stable knockdown of gene expression. shRNA molecules are cloned into lentiviral or other vectors and expressed by a pol III type promoter."
  A short hairpin ribonucleic acid
  A short hairpin RNA
bao:BAO_0000324
  D "In the RNAi pathway,  the double stranded RNAs first get processed into 20-25 nucleotide small interfering RNAs (siRNAs) by an RNase III-like enzyme called Dicer. The siRNAs enter into endoribonuclease-containing complexes known as RNA-induced silencing complexes (RISCs), and bring about the cleavage of the target mRNAs to achieve gene silencing."
  A small interfering ribonucleic acid
bao:BAO_0000176
  D "Small molecule is an organic compound with a low molecular weight (<800 Da) which is used to screen against a biological target, e.g. protein, nucleic acid, cell or organism  to test its ability to bind it and bring about a change in activity. It is either isolated from a natural source or is synthesized."
bao:BAO_0000215
  D "A small molecule useful to interrogate a biological system of interest.  It has to be active in the system studies, i.e. cell permeable or active in vivo and be sufficiently efficacious and selective.\nThe term probe also refers to the MLI screening effort, which has the goal to generate chemical probes.  In addition, the MLI requires a novel chemical probe to be superior to the state of the art in terms of efficacy and selectivity and in-vivo properties.  A list of probes generated is available here: http://mli.nih.gov/mli/mlp-probes/"
obo:PR_000023132
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 lsrG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AI-2-degrading protein lsrG
  A autoinducer 2-degrading protein LsrG
  A lsrG
obo:PR_000016983
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human UBE2O gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme E2 of 230 kDa
  A UBE2O
  A ubiquitin carrier protein O
  A ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme E2 O
  A ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme E2-230K
  A ubiquitin-protein ligase O
obo:PR_000035211
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ylbA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein YlbA
  A ylbA
obo:PR_000003775
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADI1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A membrane-type 1 matrix metalloproteinase cytoplasmic tail-binding protein 1
  A SIPL
  A ADI1
  A submergence-induced protein 2 homolog
  A MTCBP-1
  A aci-reductone dioxygenase
  A ARD
obo:PR_000033822
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 paaG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A paaG
obo:PR_000023475
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 paaA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A paaA
obo:PR_000023476
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 paaB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A paaB
obo:PR_000023477
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 paaC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A paaC
obo:PR_000006106
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CYP24A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cytochrome P450 24A1
  A 24-OHase
  A vitamin D(3) 24-hydroxylase
  A CYP24A1
  A cytochrome P450-CC24
obo:PR_000035348
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 glgB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 1,4-alpha-D-glucan:1,4-alpha-D-glucan 6-glucosyl-transferase
  A alpha-(1->4)-glucan branching enzyme
  A BE
  A glgB
  A glycogen branching enzyme
obo:PR_000007871
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GBE1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GBE1
  A glycogen-branching enzyme
  A brancher enzyme
obo:PR_000023200
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 menA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A menA
  A DHNA-octaprenyltransferase
obo:PR_000034590
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ydiI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ydiI
  A esterase YdiI
obo:PR_000023201
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 menB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dihydroxynaphthoic acid synthase
  A naphthoate synthase
  A DHNA synthase
  A menB
obo:PR_000031809
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR1E2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKR1E2
  A LoopADR
obo:PR_000022096
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ampD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ampD
obo:PR_000022891
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hisA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hisA
  A phosphoribosylformimino-5-aminoimidazole carboxamide ribotide isomerase
obo:PR_000023556
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 plsC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A plsC
  A PA synthase
  A phosphatidic acid synthase
  A 1-AGP acyltransferase
  A 1-AGPAT
  A lysophosphatidic acid acyltransferase
obo:PR_000003834
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGPAT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 1-AGPAT 1
  A AGPAT1
  A lysophosphatidic acid acyltransferase alpha
  A LPAAT-alpha
  A 1-acylglycerol-3-phosphate O-acyltransferase 1
  A 1-AGP acyltransferase 1
obo:PR_000003835
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGPAT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 1-AGP acyltransferase 2
  A 1-AGPAT 2
  A lysophosphatidic acid acyltransferase beta
  A LPAAT-beta
  A 1-acylglycerol-3-phosphate O-acyltransferase 2
  A AGPAT2
obo:PR_000003837
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGPAT4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 1-AGPAT 4
  A 1-acylglycerol-3-phosphate O-acyltransferase 4
  A AGPAT4
  A LPAAT-delta
  A lysophosphatidic acid acyltransferase delta
  A 1-AGP acyltransferase 4
obo:PR_000003838
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGPAT5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A LPAAT-epsilon
  A 1-AGP acyltransferase 5
  A AGPAT5
  A 1-AGPAT 5
  A 1-acylglycerol-3-phosphate O-acyltransferase 5
  A lysophosphatidic acid acyltransferase epsilon
obo:PR_000003836
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGPAT3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 1-AGP acyltransferase 3
  A AGPAT3
  A 1-AGPAT 3
  A LPAAT-gamma
  A 1-acylglycerol-3-phosphate O-acyltransferase 3
  A lysophosphatidic acid acyltransferase gamma
obo:PR_000032150
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABHD5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A abhydrolase domain-containing protein 5
  A ABHD5
  A lipid droplet-binding protein CGI-58
obo:PR_000012943
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PNPLA3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A calcium-independent phospholipase A2-epsilon
  A adiponutrin
  A PNPLA3
  A iPLA2-epsilon
  A patatin-like phospholipase domain-containing protein 3
  A acylglycerol O-acyltransferase
obo:PR_000003619
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACCS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACC synthase-like protein 1
  A ACCS
obo:PR_000003620
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACCSL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACC synthase-like protein 2
  A ACCSL
obo:PR_000022494
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dxr gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 1-deoxyxylulose-5-phosphate reductoisomerase
  A dxr
  A DXP reductoisomerase
  A 2-C-methyl-D-erythritol 4-phosphate synthase
obo:PR_000022495
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dxs gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DXP synthase
  A 1-deoxyxylulose-5-phosphate synthase
  A dxs
  A DXPS
obo:PR_000033260
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yajO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yajO
  A oxidoreductase YajO
obo:PR_000012747
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PIKFYVE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PIKfyve
  A phosphatidylinositol-3-phosphate 5-kinase type III
  A phosphatidylinositol-3-phosphate 5-kinase
  A PIPkin-III
  A type III PIP kinase
  A PIKFYVE
obo:PR_000012828
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PLCB1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PLC-beta-1
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C-beta-1
  A phospholipase C-I
  A PLCB1
  A PLC-154
  A phospholipase C-beta-1
  A PLC-I
obo:PR_000012829
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PLCB2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PLC-beta-2
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C-beta-2
  A phospholipase C-beta-2
  A PLCB2
obo:PR_000012830
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PLCB3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C-beta-3
  A PLCB3
  A PLC-beta-3
  A phospholipase C-beta-3
obo:PR_000012831
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PLCB4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phospholipase C-beta-4
  A PLCB4
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C-beta-4
  A PLC-beta-4
obo:PR_000012832
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PLCD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C-delta-1
  A PLC-delta-1
  A phospholipase C-III
  A PLCD1
  A phospholipase C-delta-1
  A PLC-III
obo:PR_000012833
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PLCD3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PLC-delta-3
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C-delta-3
  A PLCD3
  A phospholipase C-delta-3
obo:PR_000012834
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PLCD4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C-delta-4
  A PLC-delta-4
  A phospholipase C-delta-4
  A PLCD4
obo:PR_000012835
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PLCE1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phospholipase C-epsilon-1
  A pancreas-enriched phospholipase C
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C-epsilon-1
  A PLC-epsilon-1
  A PLCE1
obo:PR_000012838
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PLCH1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PLC-L3
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C-eta-1
  A PLC-eta-1
  A PLCH1
  A phospholipase C-eta-1
  A phospholipase C-like protein 3
obo:PR_000012839
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PLCH2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PLC-eta2
  A phospholipase C-eta-2
  A PLC-L4
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C-eta-2
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C-like 4
  A phospholipase C-like protein 4
  A PLCH2
obo:PR_000012842
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PLCZ1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phosphoinositide phospholipase C-zeta-1
  A PLC-zeta-1
  A phospholipase C-zeta-1
  A testis-development protein NYD-SP27
  A PLCZ1
obo:PR_000022701
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 fruK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fruK
  A fructose 1-phosphate kinase
obo:PR_000022839
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 groS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A groES protein
  A groS
  A protein Cpn10
obo:PR_000008825
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HSPE1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EPF
  A early-pregnancy factor
  A HSPE1
  A chaperonin 10
  A CPN10
  A hsp10
obo:PR_000003924
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALDH1L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALDH1L1
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase family 1 member L1
  A 10-FTHFDH
obo:PR_000013854
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RDH5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 11-cis RDH
  A RDH5
obo:PR_000006927
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human EFTUD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EFTUD2
  A elongation factor Tu GTP-binding domain-containing protein 2
  A SNU114 homolog
  A U5 snRNP-specific protein, 116 kDa
  A U5-116 kDa
obo:PR_000012673
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PHPT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PHPT1
  A protein janus-A homolog
  A phosphohistidine phosphatase 1
obo:PR_000003237
  D "A protein that is a stand alone version of the 14-3-3 protein (Pfam:PF00244) domain."
obo:PR_000008732
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HPGD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HPGD
  A 15-PGDH
  A prostaglandin dehydrogenase 1
obo:PR_000008777
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HSD17B13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 17-beta-HSD 13
  A short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase 9
  A alcohol dehydrogenase PAN1B-like
  A HSD17B13
obo:PR_000008778
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HSD17B14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 17-beta-HSD 14
  A 17-beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase DHRS10
  A HSD17B14
  A retinal short-chain dehydrogenase/reductase retSDR3
  A dehydrogenase/reductase SDR family member 10
obo:PR_000008782
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HSD17B6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A oxidative 3-alpha hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase
  A 17-beta-HSD 6
  A 3-alpha->beta-HSE
  A HSD17B6
  A 17-beta-HSD6
  A hydroxysteroid 17-beta dehydrogenase 6
  A 3-alpha->beta-hydroxysteroid epimerase
  A 17-beta-HSD9
obo:PR_000016498
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TNKS1BP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TNKS1BP1
obo:PR_000032057
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BUD23 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Williams-Beuren syndrome chromosomal region 22 protein
  A BUD23
obo:PR_000022322
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 cpdB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cpdB
obo:PR_000005657
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CNP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CNP
  A CNPase
obo:PR_000012465
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PDE12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PDE12
  A 2'-PDE
  A 2-PDE
obo:PR_000011574
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human OAS1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2-5A synthetase 1
  A p46/p42 OAS
  A 2'-5'-oligoadenylate synthetase 1
  A (2-5')oligo(A) synthetase 1
  A OAS1
  A E18/E16
obo:PR_000011575
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human OAS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2',5'-oligoadenylate synthetase-like 11
  A OAS2
  A 2-5A synthetase 2
  A 2'-5'-oligoadenylate synthetase 2
  A 2-5A synthase 2
  A (2-5')oligo(A) synthase 2
  A (2-5')oligo(A) synthetase 2
  A p69OAS / p71OAS
  A p69 OAS / p71 OAS
obo:PR_000011576
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human OAS3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2'-5'-oligoadenylate synthetase 3
  A OAS3
  A (2-5')oligo(A) synthetase 3
  A p100 OAS
  A 2-5A synthetase 3
  A p100OAS
obo:PR_000011577
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human OASL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 59 kDa 2'-5'-oligoadenylate synthetase-like protein
  A OASL
  A TRIP-14
  A p59 OASL
  A p59OASL
  A TR-interacting protein 14
  A thyroid receptor-interacting protein 14
obo:PR_000012101
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Oas1a gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Oas1a
  A p42 OAS
  A 2-5A synthetase 1A
  A (2-5')oligo(A) synthetase 1A
obo:PR_000012102
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Oas1b gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2-5A synthetase 1B
  A (2-5')oligo(A) synthetase 1b
  A 2'-5'-oligoadenylate synthetase-like protein 1
  A Oas1b
obo:PR_000013836
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DNPH1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DNPH1
  A c-Myc-responsive protein Rcl
obo:PR_000022402
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dapD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A tetrahydropicolinate succinylase
  A THDP succinyltransferase
  A dapD
  A tetrahydrodipicolinate N-succinyltransferase
  A THP succinyltransferase
obo:PR_000022830
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 gpmA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BPG-dependent PGAM
  A dPGM
  A gpmA
obo:PR_000022831
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 gpmI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A iPGM
  A gpmI
  A BPG-independent PGAM
obo:PR_000034167
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 paaF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A enoyl-CoA hydratase
  A paaF
obo:PR_000022519
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 entA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A entA
obo:PR_000023229
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 mhpB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mhpB
obo:PR_000035204
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yihP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yihP
  A inner membrane symporter YihP
obo:PR_000022454
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dlgD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 3-dehydro-L-gulonate 2-dehydrogenase
  A 2,3-DKG reductase
  A dlgD
obo:PR_000033835
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yiaN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yiaN
obo:PR_000035126
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yiaM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yiaM
obo:PR_000035291
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yiaO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2,3-DKG-binding protein
  A yiaO
  A extracytoplasmic solute receptor protein yiaO
obo:PR_000022570
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 fadH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2,4-dienoyl coenzyme A reductase
  A fadH
  A 2,4-dienoyl-CoA reductase [NADPH]
obo:PR_000006373
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DECR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 4-enoyl-CoA reductase [NADPH]
  A DECR1
obo:PR_000022451
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dkgA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2,5-DKG reductase A
  A 2,5-DKGR A
  A AKR5C
  A 25DKGR-A
  A dkgA
obo:PR_000022452
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dkgB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 25DKGR-B
  A AKR5D
  A 2,5-DKGR B
  A 2,5-DKG reductase B
  A dkgB
obo:PR_000006652
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DPH1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A diphthamide biosynthesis protein 2 homolog-like 1
  A DPH1
  A diphthamide biosynthesis protein 1
  A DPH1 homolog
  A ovarian cancer-associated gene 1 protein
  A diphthamide biosynthesis protein 2-like
  A ovarian cancer-associated gene 1 protein homolog
  A Dph1
  A DPH-like 1
  A DPH2-like 1
obo:PR_000006653
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DPH2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DPH2-like 2
  A diphthamide biosynthesis protein 2
  A DPH2
  A DPH2 homolog
  A diphthamide biosynthesis protein 2 homolog-like 2
  A Dph2
obo:PR_000022291
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 citG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A citG
  A 2-(5''-triphosphoribosyl)-3'-dephospho-CoA synthase
obo:PR_000014058
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RNASEL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RNase L
  A RNASEL
  A 2-5A-dependent RNase
  A ribonuclease L
obo:PR_000010515
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MOGAT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A diacylglycerol acyltransferase 2-like protein 1
  A MOGAT1
  A acyl-CoA:monoacylglycerol acyltransferase 1
  A monoacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 1
  A diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase candidate 2
obo:PR_000010516
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MOGAT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A monoacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 2
  A MOGAT2
  A acyl-CoA:monoacylglycerol acyltransferase 2
  A diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase candidate 5
  A monoacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 1-like
  A diacylglycerol acyltransferase 2-like protein 5
obo:PR_000010517
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MOGAT3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acyl-CoA:monoacylglycerol acyltransferase 3
  A MOGAT3
  A diacylglycerol acyltransferase 2-like protein 7
  A diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase candidate 7
  A monoacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 3
obo:PR_000003629
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACMSD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A picolinate carboxylase
  A ACMSD
obo:PR_000022680
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 folK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PPPK
  A 6-hydroxymethyl-7,8-dihydropterin pyrophosphokinase
  A folK
  A HPPK
  A 7,8-dihydro-6-hydroxymethylpterin-pyrophosphokinase
obo:PR_000003786
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADO
  A cysteamine dioxygenase
obo:PR_000003932
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALDH8A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase 12
  A retinal dehydrogenase 4
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase family 8 member A1
  A ALDH8A1
obo:PR_000023038
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ispF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ispF
  A MECPS
  A MECDP-synthase
obo:PR_000023036
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ispD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ispD
  A CDP-ME synthase
  A MEP cytidylyltransferase
  A 4-diphosphocytidyl-2C-methyl-D-erythritol synthase
obo:PR_000022433
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dgoA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2-oxo-3-deoxygalactonate 6-phosphate aldolase
  A 6-phospho-2-dehydro-3-deoxygalactonate aldolase
  A dgoA
obo:PR_000023058
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 kduD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2-keto-3-deoxygluconate oxidoreductase
  A KDG oxidoreductase
  A 2-keto-3-deoxygluconate 5-dehydrogenase
  A kduD
obo:PR_000034711
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yagE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A probable KDGal aldolase YagE
  A yagE
obo:PR_000034915
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yjhH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yjhH
obo:PR_000022435
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dgoK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2-keto-3-deoxy-galactonokinase
  A 2-oxo-3-deoxygalactonate kinase
  A dgoK
obo:PR_000023047
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 kdgK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 3-deoxy-2-oxo-D-gluconate kinase
  A KDG kinase
  A kdgK
  A 2-keto-3-deoxygluconokinase
obo:PR_000023054
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 kdsA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A KDO 8-P synthase
  A kdsA
  A KDOPS
  A phospho-2-dehydro-3-deoxyoctonate aldolase
  A 3-deoxy-D-manno-octulosonic acid 8-phosphate synthase
  A KDO-8-phosphate synthase
obo:PR_000023491
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 panE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ketopantoate reductase
  A KPA reductase
  A KPR
  A panE
obo:PR_000033206
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 garR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A garR
obo:PR_000033195
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 glxR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A glxR
obo:PR_000023230
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 mhpC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2-hydroxy-6-oxonona-2,4,7-triene-1,9-dioic acid 5,6-hydrolase
  A mhpC
  A 2-hydroxy-6-ketonona-2,4-diene-1,9-dioic acid 5,6-hydrolase
  A 2-hydroxy-6-oxonona-2,4-diene-1,9-dioic acid 5,6-hydrolase
obo:PR_000008431
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HACL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2-HPCL
  A 2-hydroxyphytanoyl-CoA lyase
  A phytanoyl-CoA 2-hydroxylase 2
  A HACL1
obo:PR_000017068
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human UGT8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ceramide UDP-galactosyltransferase
  A UGT8
  A UDP-galactose-ceramide galactosyltransferase
  A cerebroside synthase
obo:PR_000024057
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 thiH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A tyrosine lyase
  A thiH
obo:PR_000008755
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RIDA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RIDA
  A 14.5 kDa translational inhibitor protein
  A p14.5
  A ribonuclease UK114
  A UK114 antigen homolog
  A heat-responsive protein 12
obo:PR_000023081
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 leuA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A leuA
  A alpha-IPM synthase
  A alpha-isopropylmalate synthase
obo:PR_000033664
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rhmA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rhmA
  A 2-dehydro-3-deoxyrhamnonate aldolase
  A KDR aldolase
  A 2-keto-3-deoxy acid sugar aldolase
obo:PR_000023049
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 kdgT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A KDG permease
  A kdgT
obo:PR_000023231
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 mhpD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2-hydroxypentadienoic acid hydratase
  A mhpD
obo:PR_000005754
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human COQ5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A COQ5
  A ubiquinone biosynthesis methyltransferase COQ5, mitochondrial
obo:PR_000023608
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 prpD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A prpD
obo:PR_000023607
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 prpC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A methylcitrate synthase
  A citrate synthase 2
  A prpC
obo:PR_000023606
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 prpB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A prpB
obo:PR_000033985
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yeaN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yeaN
  A inner membrane transport protein YeaN
obo:PR_000024158
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ubiF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ubiF
obo:PR_000024160
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ubiH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ubiH
obo:PR_000024212
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 visC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A visC
obo:PR_000013535
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human URAD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OHCU decarboxylase
  A parahox neighbor
  A URAD
obo:PR_000031787
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human OGFOD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OGFOD2
obo:PR_000031190
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human JMJD4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A JMJD4
  A JmjC domain-containing protein 4
  A jumonji domain-containing protein 4
obo:PR_000024002
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 sucA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sucA
  A alpha-ketoglutarate dehydrogenase
obo:PR_000031142
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHTKD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dehydrogenase E1 and transketolase domain-containing protein 1
  A DHTKD1
obo:PR_000011612
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human OGDH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OGDH
  A 2-oxoglutarate dehydrogenase E1 component, mitochondrial
  A OGDC-E1
  A 2-oxoglutarate dehydrogenase complex component E1
obo:PR_000011613
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human OGDHL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2-oxoglutarate dehydrogenase E1 component-like, mitochondrial
  A alpha-ketoglutarate dehydrogenase-like
  A OGDC-E1-like
  A 2-oxoglutarate dehydrogenase complex component E1-like
  A OGDHL
obo:PR_000004686
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCKDHA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCKDE1A
  A branched-chain alpha-keto acid dehydrogenase E1 component alpha chain
  A BCKDH E1-alpha
  A BCKDHA
obo:PR_000004687
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCKDHB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A branched-chain alpha-keto acid dehydrogenase E1 component beta chain
  A BCKDH E1-beta
  A BCKDHB
  A BCKDE1B
obo:PR_000003649
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PXYLP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACPL2
  A acid phosphatase-like protein 2
  A PXYLP1
obo:PR_000023203
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 menD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A menaquinone biosynthesis protein menD
  A menD
  A SEPHCHC synthase
obo:PR_000023206
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 menH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A menH
  A SHCHC synthase
obo:PR_000023204
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 menE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A menE
  A OSB-CoA synthetase
  A o-succinylbenzoyl-CoA synthetase
obo:PR_000023765
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rlmA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 23S rRNA m1G745 methyltransferase
  A rlmA
  A rRNA (guanine-N(1)-)-methyltransferase
obo:PR_000023766
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rlmB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rlmB
  A 23S rRNA Gm2251 2'-O-methyltransferase
obo:PR_000023895
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rumA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rumA
  A 23S rRNA(M-5-U1939)-methyltransferase
obo:PR_000023896
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rumB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 23S rRNA(M-5-U747)-methyltransferase
  A rumB
obo:PR_000034231
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ydcP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ydcP
  A protease YdcP
obo:PR_000023781
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rluF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ribosomal large subunit pseudouridine synthase F
  A rluF
  A rRNA-uridine isomerase F
  A rRNA pseudouridylate synthase F
obo:PR_000028151
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Brucella suis 1330 omp25 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A omp25
obo:PR_000006111
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CYP27B1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CYP27B1
  A 25-OHD-1 alpha-hydroxylase
  A cytochrome p450 27B1
  A 25-hydroxyvitamin D(3) 1-alpha-hydroxylase
  A cytochrome P450 subfamily XXVIIB polypeptide 1
  A cytochrome P450VD1-alpha
  A cytochrome P450C1 alpha
  A calcidiol 1-monooxygenase
  A VD3 1A hydroxylase
obo:PR_000014840
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SEM1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A deleted in split hand/split foot protein 1 homolog
  A split hand/foot malformation type 1 protein
  A split hand/foot deleted protein 1
  A split hand/foot deleted protein 1 homolog
  A split hand/foot malformation type 1 protein homolog
  A SEM1
  A deleted in split hand/split foot protein 1
obo:PR_000002176
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PSMD1
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit S1
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit RPN2
  A 26S proteasome subunit p112
obo:PR_000013385
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A gankyrin
  A PSMD10
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit p28
obo:PR_000002177
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit p44.5
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit S9
  A PSMD11
obo:PR_000002178
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PSMD12
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit p55
obo:PR_000002179
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit p40.5
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit S11
  A PSMD13
obo:PR_000013386
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit rpn11
  A 26S proteasome-associated PAD1 homolog 1
  A PSMD14
obo:PR_000002180
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 26S proteasome subunit p97
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit S2
  A tumor necrosis factor type 1 receptor-associated protein 2
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit RPN1
  A protein 55.11
  A PSMD2
obo:PR_000013387
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit S3
  A transplantation antigen P91A
  A Tum-P91A antigen
  A PSMD3
  A proteasome subunit p58
obo:PR_000002181
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPN10 homolog
  A PSMD4
  A antisecretory factor 1
  A AF
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit S5A
  A multiubiquitin chain-binding protein
obo:PR_000013388
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PSMD5
  A 26S proteasome subunit S5B
  A 26S protease subunit S5 basic
obo:PR_000002182
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A proteasome regulatory particle subunit p44S10
  A p42A
  A phosphonoformate immuno-associated protein 4
  A PSMD6
  A breast cancer-associated protein SGA-113M
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit S10
obo:PR_000013389
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit S12
  A mov34 protein
  A PSMD7
  A mov34 protein homolog
  A proteasome subunit p40
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit rpn8
obo:PR_000013390
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PSMD8
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit S14
obo:PR_000013391
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMD9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 26S proteasome regulatory subunit p27
  A PSMD9
obo:PR_000013384
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMC6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A proteasome subunit p42
  A proteasome 26S subunit ATPase 6
  A PSMC6
obo:PR_000013378
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PSMC1
  A proteasome 26S subunit ATPase 1
  A P26s4
obo:PR_000013380
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMC3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PSMC3
  A proteasome 26S subunit ATPase 3
  A TBP-1
  A proteasome subunit P50
  A Tat-binding protein 1
obo:PR_000013382
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMC4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CIP21
  A proteasome 26S subunit ATPase 4
  A MB67-interacting protein
  A TBP-7
  A MIP224
  A PSMC4
  A Tat-binding protein 7
obo:PR_000013379
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PSMC2
  A protein MSS1
  A proteasome 26S subunit ATPase 2
obo:PR_000013383
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PSMC5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A proteasome subunit p45
  A TRIP1
  A p45/SUG
  A PSMC5
  A proteasome 26S subunit ATPase 5
  A thyroid hormone receptor-interacting protein 1
obo:PR_000012449
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PDAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PDGF-associated protein
  A PDAP1
  A PDGFA-associated protein 1
  A PAP1
obo:PR_000010603
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL42 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S32mt
  A L42mt
  A MRP-S32
  A L31mt
  A 28S ribosomal protein S32, mitochondrial
  A MRP-L31
  A MRPL42
  A 39S ribosomal protein L31, mitochondrial
  A MRP-L42
obo:PR_000010618
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-S10
  A MRPS10
  A S10mt
obo:PR_000010619
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S11mt
  A MRPS11
  A MRP-S11
obo:PR_000010620
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MT-RPS12
  A S12mt
  A MRPS12
  A MRP-S12
obo:PR_000010621
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPS14
  A S14mt
  A MRP-S14
obo:PR_000010622
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S15mt
  A MRPS15
  A MRP-S15
obo:PR_000010623
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS16 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPS16
  A MRP-S16
  A S16mt
obo:PR_000010624
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS17 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-S17
  A MRPS17
  A S17mt
obo:PR_000010626
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS18B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Mrps18-b
  A MRP-S18-2
  A MRP-S18-b
  A 28S ribosomal protein S18-2, mitochondrial
  A S18mt-b
  A MRPS18B
obo:PR_000010627
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS18C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-S18-1
  A 28S ribosomal protein S18-1, mitochondrial
  A Mrps18-c
  A MRPS18C
  A S18mt-c
  A MRP-S18-c
obo:PR_000010628
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPS2
  A S2mt
  A MRP-S2
obo:PR_000010629
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS21 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S21mt
  A MRP-S21
  A MRPS21
obo:PR_000010630
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS22 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPS22
  A S22mt
  A MRP-S22
obo:PR_000010631
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS23 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPS23
  A MRP-S23
  A S23mt
obo:PR_000010632
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS24 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bMRP47
  A bMRP-47
  A MRP-S24
  A MRPS24
  A S24mt
obo:PR_000010633
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS25 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S25mt
  A MRPS25
  A MRP-S25
obo:PR_000010634
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS26 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S13mt
  A 28S ribosomal protein S13, mitochondrial
  A MRP-S13
  A MRPS26
  A MRP-S26
  A S26mt
obo:PR_000010635
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS27 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S27mt
  A MRPS27
  A MRP-S27
obo:PR_000010636
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS28 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-S28
  A MRPS28
  A S28mt
obo:PR_000006275
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DAP3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S29mt
  A DAP3
  A ionizing radiation resistance conferring protein
  A death-associated protein 3
  A MRP-S29
obo:PR_000010638
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS31 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S31mt
  A imogen 38
  A MRP-S31
  A MRPS31
obo:PR_000010639
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS33 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S33mt
  A MRP-S33
  A ganglioside-induced differentiation-associated-protein 3
  A MRPS33
obo:PR_000010640
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS34 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A T-complex expressed gene 2 protein
  A S34mt
  A MRPS34
  A MRP-S34
obo:PR_000010641
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS35 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPS35
  A S35mt
  A MRP-S35
obo:PR_000010642
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS36 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-S36
  A S36mt
  A MRPS36
obo:PR_000010643
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPS5
  A S5mt
  A MRP-S5
obo:PR_000010644
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-S6
  A S6mt
  A MRPS6
obo:PR_000010645
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPS7
  A bMRP-27a
  A bMRP27a
  A MRP-S7
  A S7mt
obo:PR_000010646
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S9mt
  A MRPS9
  A MRP-S9
obo:PR_000029647
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NOP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A proliferating-cell nucleolar antigen p120
  A nucleolar protein 2 homolog
  A ribosomal RNA methyltransferase NOP2
  A NOP2
  A proliferation-associated nucleolar protein p120
obo:PR_000029655
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NSUN5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NOL1/NOP2/Sun domain family member 5
  A NOL1R
  A NSUN5
  A methyltransferase NSUN5
  A Williams-Beuren syndrome chromosomal region 20A protein
  A NOL1-related protein
obo:PR_000022588
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 fdx gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fdx
obo:PR_000008787
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HSD3B7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HSD3B7
  A C(27) 3-beta-HSD
  A 3-beta-HSD VII
  A 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type VII
  A 3-beta-hydroxy-Delta(5)-C27 steroid oxidoreductase
  A cholest-5-ene-3-beta,7-alpha-diol 3-beta-dehydrogenase
obo:PR_000008785
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HSD3B1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HSD3B1
  A trophoblast antigen FDO161G
  A 3-beta-HSD I
  A 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase/Delta 5-->4-isomerase type I
obo:PR_000008786
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HSD3B2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HSD3B2
  A 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase/Delta 5-->4-isomerase type II
  A 3-beta-HSD II
obo:PR_000008867
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Hsd3b3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase/Delta 5-->4-isomerase type III
  A Hsd3b3
  A 3-beta-HSD III
obo:PR_000008870
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Hsd3b6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Hsd3b6
  A 3-beta-HSD VI
  A 3 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase/Delta 5-->4-isomerase type VI
obo:PR_000004798
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BPNT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BPNT1
  A bisphosphate 3'-nucleotidase 1
  A PAP-inositol-1,4-phosphatase
obo:PR_000022386
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 cysQ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cysQ
  A PAP phosphatase
  A DPNPase
  A 3'-phosphoadenosine 5'-phosphate phosphatase
  A 3'(2'),5-bisphosphonucleoside 3'(2')-phosphohydrolase
obo:PR_000007178
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ERI1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 3'-5' exonuclease ERI1
  A protein 3'hExo
  A ERI1
  A histone mRNA 3'-end-specific exoribonuclease
  A HEXO
  A Eri-1 homolog
  A histone mRNA 3'-exonuclease 1
obo:PR_000029876
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human YTHDC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A YTHDC2
  A ATP-dependent RNA helicase YTHDC2
obo:PR_000024031
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 tatD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DNase tatD
  A tat-linked quality control protein TatD
  A tatD
obo:PR_000023751
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ribB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ribB
  A DHBP synthase
obo:PR_000032923
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 mhpT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 3-hydroxyphenylpropionic acid transporter
  A mhpT
obo:PR_000023228
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 mhpA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 3-HPP hydroxylase
  A 3-HCI hydroxylase
  A mhpA
obo:PR_000006870
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human EBP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EBP
  A cholestenol Delta-isomerase
  A Delta(8)-Delta(7) sterol isomerase
  A D8-D7 sterol isomerase
  A emopamil-binding protein
obo:PR_000022145
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 aroD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aroD
  A 3-dehydroquinase
  A type I DHQase
obo:PR_000022143
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 aroB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aroB
obo:PR_000023056
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 kdsC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A KDO 8-P phosphatase
  A kdsC
  A 3-deoxy-D-manno-octulosonate 8-phosphate phosphatase
obo:PR_000024214
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 waaA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A waaA
  A KDO transferase
obo:PR_000023055
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 kdsB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CMP-2-keto-3-deoxyoctulosonic acid synthase
  A CKS
  A CMP-KDO synthase
  A kdsB
obo:PR_000008636
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HMGCR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HMG-CoA reductase
  A HMGCR
obo:PR_000033936
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 lsrF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A lsrF
  A aldolase LsrF
obo:PR_000022567
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 fabZ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A (3R)-hydroxymyristoyl ACP dehydrase
  A 17 kDa actomyosin component
  A fabZ
obo:PR_000008774
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HSD17B10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mitochondrial ribonuclease P protein 2
  A HSD17B10
  A 17-beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 10
  A 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase type II
  A short-chain type dehydrogenase/reductase XH98G2
  A mitochondrial RNase P protein 2
  A 3-hydroxy-2-methylbutyryl-CoA dehydrogenase
  A 17-beta-HSD 10
  A endoplasmic reticulum-associated amyloid beta-peptide-binding protein
  A type II HADH
obo:PR_000035150
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 paaH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BHBD
  A paaH
  A beta-hydroxybutyryl-CoA dehydrogenase
obo:PR_000008427
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HAAO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 3-hydroxyanthranilate oxygenase
  A HAAO
  A 3-HAO
  A HAD
  A 3-hydroxyanthranilic acid dioxygenase
obo:PR_000004715
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BDH2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A oxidoreductase UCPA
  A R-beta-hydroxybutyrate dehydrogenase
  A dehydrogenase/reductase SDR family member 6
  A BDH2
obo:PR_000022559
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 fabA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fabA
  A beta-hydroxydecanoyl thioester dehydrase
obo:PR_000008549
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HIBADH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HIBADH
obo:PR_000008550
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HIBCH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 3-hydroxyisobutyryl-coenzyme A hydrolase
  A HIBYL-CoA-H
  A HIB-CoA hydrolase
  A HIBCH
obo:PR_000032551
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HMGCLL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A er-cHL
  A HMGCLL1
  A endoplasmic reticulum 3-hydroxymethyl-3-methylglutaryl-CoA lyase
  A 3-hydroxymethyl-3-methylglutaryl-CoA lyase-like protein 1
obo:PR_000023083
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 leuC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A leuC
obo:PR_000023084
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 leuD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A leuD
obo:PR_000023944
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 sgbH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sgbH
obo:PR_000024178
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ulaD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L-ascorbate utilization protein D
  A ulaD
obo:PR_000008783
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HSD17B7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 17-beta-HSD 7
  A 17-beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 7
  A HSD17B7
  A estradiol 17-beta-dehydrogenase 7
obo:PR_000004540
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Acaa1a gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A beta-ketothiolase A
  A acetyl-CoA acyltransferase A
  A Acaa1a
  A peroxisomal 3-oxoacyl-CoA thiolase A
obo:PR_000004541
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Acaa1b gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A beta-ketothiolase B
  A peroxisomal 3-oxoacyl-CoA thiolase B
  A acetyl-CoA acyltransferase B
  A Acaa1b
obo:PR_000033356
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 fadA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fadA
obo:PR_000032952
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 fadI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acyl-CoA ligase
  A ACSs
  A fadI
obo:PR_000003595
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACAA2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACAA2
  A T1
  A mitochondrial 3-oxoacyl-CoA thiolase
obo:PR_000003594
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACAA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACAA1
  A peroxisomal 3-oxoacyl-CoA thiolase
obo:PR_000009276
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human KDSR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A KDS reductase
  A 3-dehydrosphinganine reductase
  A FVT-1
  A follicular variant translocation protein 1 homolog
  A follicular variant translocation protein 1
  A KDSR
obo:PR_000010550
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MPST gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MPST
obo:PR_000033007
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 sseA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sseA
  A rhodanese-like protein
obo:PR_000023488
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 panB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ketopantoate hydroxymethyltransferase
  A KPHMT
  A panB
obo:PR_000034216
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ubiD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ubiD
obo:PR_000015607
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SRD5A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SR type 1
  A S5AR 1
  A SRD5A1
  A steroid 5-alpha-reductase 1
obo:PR_000015608
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SRD5A2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SRD5A2
  A type II 5-alpha reductase
  A steroid 5-alpha-reductase 2
  A S5AR 2
  A SR type 2
  A 5 alpha-SR2
obo:PR_000003907
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR1D1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKR1D1
  A aldo-keto reductase family 1 member D1
  A Delta(4)-3-ketosteroid 5-beta-reductase
  A Delta(4)-3-oxosteroid 5-beta-reductase
obo:PR_000033911
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ygbL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ygbL
  A aldolase class 2 protein YgbL
obo:PR_000033808
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ygbK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ygbK
  A protein YgbK
obo:PR_000022563
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 fabG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 3-ketoacyl-acyl carrier protein reductase
  A fabG
obo:PR_000022560
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 fabB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A KAS I
  A beta-ketoacyl-ACP synthase I
  A 3-oxoacyl-[acyl-carrier-protein] synthase I
  A fabB
obo:PR_000022562
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 fabF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 3-oxoacyl-[acyl-carrier-protein] synthase II
  A beta-ketoacyl-ACP synthase II
  A KAS II
  A fabF
obo:PR_000022564
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 fabH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A KAS III
  A 3-oxoacyl-[acyl-carrier-protein] synthase III
  A beta-ketoacyl-ACP synthase III
  A fabH
obo:PR_000012098
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human OXSM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OXSM
  A beta-ketoacyl-ACP synthase
obo:PR_000023480
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 paaJ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 3-oxoadipyl-CoA thiolase
  A paaJ
obo:PR_000022858
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hcaB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cis-3-(2-carboxyethenyl)-3,5-cyclohexadiene-1,2-diol dehydrogenase
  A 2,3-dihydroxy-2,3-dihydrophenylpropionate dehydrogenase
  A hcaB
  A CI-dihydrodiol dehydrogenase
  A PP-dihydrodiol dehydrogenase
  A cis-3-(2-carboxyethyl)-3,5-cyclohexadiene-1,2-diol dehydrogenase
obo:PR_000022859
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hcaC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hcaC
  A digoxigenin ferredoxin subunit
obo:PR_000022860
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hcaD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A digoxigenin system ferredoxin--NAD(+) reductase component
  A hcaD
obo:PR_000022861
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hcaE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hcaE
  A digoxigenin subunit alpha
obo:PR_000022862
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hcaF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hcaF
  A digoxigenin subunit beta
obo:PR_000032833
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hcaT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hcaT
obo:PR_000012515
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PDPK1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PDPK1
obo:PR_000029131
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PDPK2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PDPK2
obo:PR_000022142
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 aroA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aroA
  A EPSP synthase
  A EPSPS
  A 5-enolpyruvylshikimate-3-phosphate synthase
obo:PR_000023854
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsA
obo:PR_000023863
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsJ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsJ
obo:PR_000023864
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsK
obo:PR_000023865
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsL
obo:PR_000023866
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsM
obo:PR_000023867
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsN
obo:PR_000023868
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsO
obo:PR_000023869
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsP
obo:PR_000023870
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsQ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsQ
obo:PR_000023871
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsR
obo:PR_000023872
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsS
obo:PR_000023855
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsB
obo:PR_000023873
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsT
obo:PR_000023874
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsU gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsU
obo:PR_000023856
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsC
obo:PR_000023857
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsD
obo:PR_000023858
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsE
obo:PR_000023859
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsF
obo:PR_000023860
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsG
obo:PR_000023861
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsH
obo:PR_000023862
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpsI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpsI
obo:PR_000023681
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rbfA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein P15B
  A ribosome-binding factor A
  A rbfA
obo:PR_000029900
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Brucella melitensis bv. 1 str. 16M bcsP31 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bcsP31
obo:PR_000022932
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hslO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hslO
  A heat shock protein 33
  A HSP33
obo:PR_000010571
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL1
  A MRP-L1
  A L1mt
obo:PR_000010572
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L10mt
  A 39S ribosomal protein L8, mitochondrial
  A MRP-L8
  A L8mt
  A MRPL10
  A MRP-L10
obo:PR_000010573
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L11mt
  A MRP-L11
  A MRPL11
obo:PR_000010574
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L12mt
  A 5c5-2
  A MRPL12
  A MRP-L12
obo:PR_000010575
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-L13
  A MRPL13
  A L13mt
obo:PR_000010576
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL14
  A MRP-L14
  A L14mt
obo:PR_000010577
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL15
  A MRP-L15
  A L15mt
obo:PR_000010578
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL16 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L16mt
  A MRP-L16
  A MRPL16
obo:PR_000010579
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL17 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL17
  A LYST-interacting protein 2
  A MRP-L17
  A L17mt
obo:PR_000010580
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL18 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L18mt
  A MRP-L18
  A MRPL18
obo:PR_000010581
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL19 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L19mt
  A MRP-L19
  A MRPL19
obo:PR_000010582
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L2mt
  A MRP-L2
  A MRPL2
obo:PR_000010583
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL20 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL20
  A MRP-L20
  A L20mt
obo:PR_000010584
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL21 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL21
  A L21mt
  A MRP-L21
obo:PR_000010585
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL22 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 39S ribosomal protein L25, mitochondrial
  A MRP-L25
  A L25mt
  A MRP-L22
  A L22mt
  A MRPL22
obo:PR_000010586
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL23 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L23 mitochondrial-related protein
  A MRPL23
  A MRP-L23
  A ribosomal protein L23-like
  A L23mt
obo:PR_000010587
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL24 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L24mt
  A MRP-L24
  A MRPL24
obo:PR_000010588
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL27 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL27
  A MRP-L27
  A L27mt
obo:PR_000010589
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL28 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-L28
  A melanoma-associated antigen recognized by T lymphocytes
  A melanoma antigen p15
  A MRPL28
  A L28mt
obo:PR_000010590
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-L3
  A L3mt
  A MRPL3
obo:PR_000010591
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL30 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL30
  A MRP-L30
  A L30mt
obo:PR_000010592
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL32 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-L32
  A L32mt
  A MRPL32
  A heart-expressed gene 1 protein
obo:PR_000010593
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL33 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL33
  A L33mt
  A MRP-L33
obo:PR_000010594
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL34 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL34
  A L34mt
  A MRP-L34
obo:PR_000010595
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL35 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-L35
  A MRPL35
  A L35mt
obo:PR_000010596
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL36 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L36mt
  A MRP-L36
  A MRPL36
obo:PR_000010597
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL37 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-L37
  A L37mt
  A MRPL37
obo:PR_000010598
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL38 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL38
  A MRP-L38
  A L38mt
obo:PR_000010599
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL39 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L5mt
  A L39mt
  A 39S ribosomal protein L5, mitochondrial
  A MRP-L5
  A MRPL39
  A MRP-L39
obo:PR_000010600
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L4mt
  A MRP-L4
  A MRPL4
obo:PR_000010601
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL40 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A nuclear localization signal-containing protein deleted in velocardiofacial syndrome
  A MRP-L40
  A nuclear localization signal-containing protein deleted in velocardiofacial syndrome homolog
  A L40mt
  A MRPL40
  A up-regulated in metastasis
obo:PR_000010602
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL41 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cell proliferation-inducing gene 3 protein
  A 39S ribosomal protein L27 homolog
  A L41mt
  A MRP-L27 homolog
  A MRPL41
  A Bcl-2-interacting mitochondrial ribosomal protein L41
  A MRP-L41
obo:PR_000010604
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL43 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L43mt
  A mitochondrial ribosomal protein bMRP36a
  A MRP-L43
  A MRPL43
obo:PR_000010605
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL44 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L44mt
  A MRPL44
  A MRP-L44
obo:PR_000010606
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL45 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL45
  A MRP-L45
  A L45mt
obo:PR_000010607
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL46 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL46
  A L46mt
  A MRP-L46
  A P2ECSL
obo:PR_000010608
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL47 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-L47
  A L47mt
  A nasopharyngeal carcinoma metastasis-related protein 1
  A MRPL47
obo:PR_000010609
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL48 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL48
  A MRP-L48
  A L48mt
obo:PR_000010610
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL49 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A neighbor of FAU
  A MRP-L49
  A NOF
  A protein NOF1
  A L49mt
  A MRPL49
obo:PR_000010611
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL50 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L50mt
  A MRPL50
  A MRP-L50
obo:PR_000010612
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL51 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bMRP-64
  A bMRP64
  A L51mt
  A MRP-L51
  A MRPL51
obo:PR_000010613
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL52 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L52mt
  A MRP-L52
  A MRPL52
obo:PR_000010614
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL53 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL53
  A MRP-L53
  A L53mt
obo:PR_000010615
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL54 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L54mt
  A MRP-L54
  A MRPL54
obo:PR_000010616
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL55 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRPL55
  A L55mt
  A MRP-L55
obo:PR_000010617
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPL9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L9mt
  A MRP-L9
  A MRPL9
obo:PR_000010625
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS18A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-S18-3
  A MRP-S18-a
  A 28S ribosomal protein S18-3, mitochondrial
  A 28S ribosomal protein S18a, mitochondrial
  A Mrps18a
  A S18mt-a
  A MRPS18A
obo:PR_000010637
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MRPS30 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MRP-S30
  A MRPS30
  A programmed cell death protein 9
  A S30mt
obo:PR_000022047
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 acpT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acpT
obo:PR_000034754
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ygiD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ygiD
  A protein YgiD
obo:PR_000023153
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 malQ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A amylomaltase
  A malQ
  A disproportionating enzyme
  A D-enzyme
obo:PR_000033832
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 arnE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L-Ara4N-phosphoundecaprenol flippase subunit ArnE
  A undecaprenyl phosphate-aminoarabinose flippase subunit ArnE
  A arnE
obo:PR_000033912
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 arnF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arnF
  A L-Ara4N-phosphoundecaprenol flippase subunit ArnF
  A undecaprenyl phosphate-aminoarabinose flippase subunit ArnF
obo:PR_000033793
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 gabT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A gabT
obo:PR_000034690
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 puuE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A puuE
obo:PR_000003536
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABAT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GABA-T
  A ABAT
obo:PR_000032860
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 arnD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arnD
obo:PR_000023059
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 kduI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A kduI
  A DKI isomerase
  A 5-keto-4-deoxyuronate isomerase
obo:PR_000023037
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ispE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ispE
  A 4-(cytidine-5'-diphospho)-2-C-methyl-D-erythritol kinase
  A CMK
obo:PR_000032371
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HOGA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DHDPS-like protein
  A HOGA1
  A probable KHG-aldolase
  A dihydrodipicolinate synthase-like
  A protein 569272
  A probable 2-keto-4-hydroxyglutarate aldolase
obo:PR_000023232
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 mhpE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HOA
  A 4-hydroxy-2-oxopentanoate aldolase
  A 4-hydroxy-2-keto-pentanoic acid aldolase
  A mhpE
obo:PR_000023040
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ispH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ispH
obo:PR_000022401
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dapB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DHPR
  A dapB
obo:PR_000022400
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dapA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dapA
  A DHDPS
obo:PR_000024155
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ubiA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 4-HB polyprenyltransferase
  A ubiA
obo:PR_000005751
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human COQ2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A COQ2 homolog
  A COQ2
  A para-hydroxybenzoate--polyprenyltransferase, mitochondrial
  A PHB:polyprenyltransferase
obo:PR_000008730
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HPD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 4-hydroxyphenylpyruvic acid oxidase
  A F Alloantigen
  A HPPDase
  A F protein
  A 4HPPD
  A HPD
obo:PR_000008731
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HPDL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HPDL
  A glyoxalase domain-containing protein 1
obo:PR_000023502
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 pdxA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A pdxA
  A 4-(phosphohydroxy)-L-threonine dehydrogenase
obo:PR_000003933
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALDH9A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase family 9 member A1
  A TMABADH
  A R-aminobutyraldehyde dehydrogenase
  A ALDH9A1
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase E3 isozyme
obo:PR_000014251
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS10
obo:PR_000014252
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS11
obo:PR_000014253
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS12
obo:PR_000014254
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS13
obo:PR_000014255
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS14
obo:PR_000014256
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS15
  A RIG protein
obo:PR_000014257
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS15A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS15A
obo:PR_000014258
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS16 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS16
obo:PR_000014259
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS17 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS17
obo:PR_000014260
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS18 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Ke-3
  A RPS18
  A Ke3
obo:PR_000014261
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS19 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS19
obo:PR_000014263
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein LLRep3
  A RPS2
  A 40S ribosomal protein S4
obo:PR_000014264
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS20 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS20
obo:PR_000014265
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS21 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS21
obo:PR_000014266
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS23 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS23
obo:PR_000014267
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS24 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS24
obo:PR_000014268
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS25 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS25
obo:PR_000014269
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS26 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS26
obo:PR_000014270
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS27 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A metallopan-stimulin 1
  A RPS27
  A MPS-1
obo:PR_000014272
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS27L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS27L
obo:PR_000014273
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS28 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS28
obo:PR_000014274
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS29 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS29
obo:PR_000014275
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS3
obo:PR_000014276
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS3A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A v-fos transformation effector protein
  A protein TU-11
  A Fte-1
  A RPS3A
obo:PR_000014277
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS4X gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A single copy abundant mRNA protein
  A SCR10
  A RPS4X
obo:PR_000014278
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS4Y1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS4Y1
obo:PR_000014279
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS4Y2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS4Y2
obo:PR_000014280
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS5 gene, a 1:1 ortholog thereof, or pro-orthologs thereof."
  A RPS5
obo:PR_000014281
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phosphoprotein NP33
  A RPS6
obo:PR_000014290
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS7
obo:PR_000014291
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS8
obo:PR_000014292
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS9
obo:PR_000014293
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPSA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A LamR
  A OFA/iLRP
  A 67 kDa laminin receptor
  A LRP/LR
  A 67LR
  A LBP/p40
  A laminin receptor 1
  A colon carcinoma laminin-binding protein
  A 37 kDa laminin receptor precursor
  A 37/67 kDa laminin receptor
  A NEM/1CHD4
  A 37LRP
  A laminin-binding protein precursor p40
  A 37 kDa oncofetal antigen
  A multidrug resistance-associated protein MGr1-Ag
  A RPSA
obo:PR_000013734
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RAPSN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acetylcholine receptor-associated 43 kDa protein
  A RAPSN
  A 43 kDa postsynaptic protein
  A RAPsyn
  A RING finger protein 205
obo:PR_000014562
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SDF4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A stromal cell-derived factor 4
  A SDF-4
  A SDF4
  A cab45
obo:PR_000001851
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SLC3A2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 4F2hc
  A CD98
  A 4F2 heavy chain antigen
  A cell surface antigen 4F2 heavy chain
  A lymphocyte activation antigen 4F2 large subunit
  A SLC3A2
obo:PR_000006314
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DCLRE1B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SNM1 homolog B
  A DCLRE1B
obo:PR_000011451
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NT5C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cytosolic 5',3'-pyrimidine nucleotidase
  A dNT-1
  A NT5C
  A deoxy-5'-nucleotidase 1
obo:PR_000011457
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NT5M gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dNT-2
  A deoxy-5'-nucleotidase 2
  A NT5M
  A 5',3'-nucleotidase, mitochondrial
obo:PR_000024122
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 trpH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A trpH
  A protein TrpH
obo:PR_000017511
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human XRN1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A strand-exchange protein 1 homolog
  A protein Dhm2
  A XRN1
obo:PR_000017512
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human XRN2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DHP protein
  A DHM1-like protein
  A XRN2
  A protein Dhm1
obo:PR_000013218
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PRKAA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PRKAA1
  A AMPK subunit alpha-1
obo:PR_000013219
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PRKAA2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PRKAA2
  A AMPK subunit alpha-2
obo:PR_000013220
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PRKAB1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMPKb
  A PRKAB1
  A AMPK subunit beta-1
obo:PR_000013221
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PRKAB2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMPK subunit beta-2
  A PRKAB2
obo:PR_000013225
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PRKAG1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMPKg
  A AMPK subunit gamma-1
  A AMPK gamma1
  A PRKAG1
obo:PR_000013226
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PRKAG2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A H91620p
  A AMPK subunit gamma-2
  A AMPK gamma2
  A PRKAG2
obo:PR_000013227
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PRKAG3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PRKAG3
  A AMPK subunit gamma-3
  A AMPK gamma3
obo:PR_000034295
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yfbR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yfbR
  A 5'-deoxyribonucleotidase
  A 5'-nucleotidase YfbR
obo:PR_000023306
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 mtnN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AdoHcy nucleosidase
  A SRH nucleosidase
  A S-adenosylhomocysteine nucleosidase
  A P46
  A MTA/SAH nucleosidase
  A 5'-methylthioadenosine nucleosidase
  A mtnN
  A SAH nucleosidase
  A MTA nucleosidase
  A MTAN
obo:PR_000001800
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NT5E gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NT5E
  A CD73
  A ecto-5'-nucleotidase
  A 5'-NT
obo:PR_000032395
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NT5DC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NT5DC1
obo:PR_000030554
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NT5DC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NT5DC2
obo:PR_000031877
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NT5DC3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NT5DC3
  A GRP94-neighboring nucleotidase
obo:PR_000030398
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NT5DC4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NT5DC4
obo:PR_000024016
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 surE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A stationary-phase survival protein surE
  A surE
obo:PR_000023212
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 metF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A metF
obo:PR_000016880
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TYRP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TRP1
  A glycoprotein 75
  A DHICA oxidase
  A tyrosinase-related protein 1
  A melanoma antigen gp75
  A brown locus protein
  A catalase B
  A TYRP1
obo:PR_000034067
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ybjI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A flavin mononucleotide phosphatase YbjI
  A ybjI
  A FMN phosphatase
obo:PR_000004532
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AZI2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Nak-associated protein 1
  A NF-kappa-B-activating kinase-associated protein 1
  A AZI2
  A TILP
obo:PR_000010726
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MTHFS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A methenyl-THF synthetase
  A MTHFS
  A 5,10-methenyl-tetrahydrofolate synthetase
obo:PR_000034166
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ygfA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ygfA
  A protein YgfA
obo:PR_000017227
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Urah gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Urah
obo:PR_000034225
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hiuH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TLP
  A hiuH
  A transthyretin-like protein
obo:PR_000022752
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 garL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A garL
  A 5-dehydro-4-deoxy-D-glucarate aldolase
  A 2-keto-3-deoxy-D-glucarate aldolase
  A KDGluc aldolase
  A KDGlucA
  A 2-dehydro-3-deoxy-D-glucarate aldolase
  A alpha-keto-beta-deoxy-D-glucarate aldolase
obo:PR_000022995
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 idnO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A idnO
obo:PR_000023170
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 mcrA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mcrA
  A McrA
obo:PR_000023171
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 mcrB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mcrB
obo:PR_000023211
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 metE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A methionine synthase, vitamin-B12 independent isozyme
  A cobalamin-independent methionine synthase
  A metE
obo:PR_000011649
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human OPLAH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OPLAH
  A 5-OPase
  A pyroglutamase
  A 5-oxo-L-prolinase
obo:PR_000034086
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ybgL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ybgL
  A UPF0271 protein YbgL
obo:PR_000033838
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ybgJ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ybgJ
  A protein YbgJ
obo:PR_000033113
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ybgK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein YbgK
  A ybgK
obo:PR_000023809
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplA
obo:PR_000023816
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplJ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 50S ribosomal protein L8
  A rplJ
obo:PR_000023817
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplK
obo:PR_000023819
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplM
obo:PR_000023820
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplN
obo:PR_000023821
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplO
obo:PR_000023822
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplP
obo:PR_000033154
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ycfD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ycfD
  A 50S ribosomal protein L16 arginine hydroxylase
obo:PR_000023823
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplQ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplQ
obo:PR_000023824
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplR
obo:PR_000023825
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplS
obo:PR_000023810
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplB
obo:PR_000023826
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplT
obo:PR_000023827
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplU gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplU
obo:PR_000023828
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplV gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplV
obo:PR_000023829
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplW gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplW
obo:PR_000023830
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplX
obo:PR_000023831
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplY gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplY
obo:PR_000023832
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpmA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpmA
obo:PR_000023833
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpmB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpmB
obo:PR_000023834
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpmC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpmC
obo:PR_000023811
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplC
obo:PR_000034960
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 prmB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L3 MTase
  A N5-glutamine methyltransferase PrmB
  A prmB
obo:PR_000023835
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpmD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpmD
obo:PR_000023836
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpmE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpmE
obo:PR_000023837
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpmE2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpmE2
obo:PR_000023838
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpmF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpmF
obo:PR_000023839
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpmG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpmG
obo:PR_000023840
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpmH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpmH
obo:PR_000023841
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpmI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ribosomal protein A
  A rpmI
obo:PR_000023842
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpmJ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ribosomal protein B
  A rpmJ
obo:PR_000023843
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rpmJ2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rpmJ2
obo:PR_000023812
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplD
obo:PR_000023813
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplE
obo:PR_000023814
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplF
obo:PR_000023818
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplL
  A L8
obo:PR_000023815
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rplI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rplI
obo:PR_000013243
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human THAP12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A THAP12
  A p52rIPK
  A 58 kDa interferon-induced protein kinase-interacting protein
  A p58IPK-interacting protein
  A death-associated protein 4
  A THAP domain-containing protein 0
obo:PR_000012103
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Oasl2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A M1204
  A p54 OASL
  A Oasl2
  A p54OASL
obo:PR_000010544
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MPP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A membrane protein, palmitoylated 1
  A MPP1
obo:PR_000050062
  D "A protein that contains a 56kDa selenium binding protein (Pfam:PF05694) domain."
  A fam:SPB56
obo:PR_000023755
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ribE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ribE
  A DMRL synthase
  A lumazine synthase
  A riboflavin synthase beta chain
obo:PR_000035309
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 queD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CPH4 synthase
  A queuosine biosynthesis protein queD
  A queD
obo:PR_000022275
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 chbF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phospho-chitobiase
  A chbF
  A cellobiose-6-phosphate hydrolase
obo:PR_000022161
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ascB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ascB
obo:PR_000022213
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 bglA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bglA
obo:PR_000022214
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 bglB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bglB
obo:PR_000029977
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PFKFB1, PFKFB2, PFKFB3, or PFKFB4 genes, or 1:1 orthologs thereof."
  A fam:PFKFB
obo:PR_000012604
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PGD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PGD
obo:PR_000033589
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yieH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yieH
obo:PR_000012609
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PGLS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 6PGL
  A PGLS
obo:PR_000013485
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PTS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PTPS
  A PTP synthase
  A PTS
obo:PR_000010530
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MP68 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MP68
obo:PR_000008824
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HSPD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HSPD1
  A CPN60
  A HSP-60
  A hsp60
  A chaperonin 60
  A HSP-65
  A heat shock protein 60
  A CHA60
  A mitochondrial matrix protein P1
  A P60 lymphocyte protein
obo:PR_000004379
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASPG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASPG
obo:PR_000016692
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TROVE2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Sjoegren syndrome antigen A2
  A Ro 60 kDa autoantigen
  A RoRNP
  A 60 kDa ribonucleoprotein Ro
  A TROVE2
  A 60 kDa Ro protein
  A TROVE domain family member 2
obo:PR_000014237
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPLP0 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 60S ribosomal protein L10E
  A RPLP0
obo:PR_000014238
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPLP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPLP1
obo:PR_000014239
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPLP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A renal carcinoma antigen NY-REN-44
  A RPLP2
obo:PR_000011280
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NMD3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NMD3
obo:PR_000014187
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL10
  A protein QM
  A laminin receptor homolog
  A protein QM homolog
  A tumor suppressor QM
obo:PR_000014189
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL10L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL10L
obo:PR_000014188
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL10A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NEDD-6
  A neural precursor cell expressed developmentally down-regulated protein 6
  A RPL10A
  A CSA-19
obo:PR_000014190
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL11
  A CLL-associated antigen KW-12
obo:PR_000014191
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL12
obo:PR_000014192
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL13
  A breast basic conserved protein 1
  A A52
obo:PR_000014193
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL13A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL13A
  A Tum-P198 antigen
  A transplantation antigen P198
  A 23 kDa highly basic protein
obo:PR_000014194
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CAG-ISL 7
  A RPL14
obo:PR_000014195
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL15
obo:PR_000014196
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL17 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL17
obo:PR_000014197
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL18 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL18
obo:PR_000014198
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL18A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL18A
obo:PR_000014199
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL19 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL19
obo:PR_000014200
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL21 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL21
obo:PR_000014201
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL22 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A heparin-binding protein HBp15
  A EBER-associated protein
  A RPL22
  A epstein-Barr virus small RNA-associated protein
obo:PR_000014202
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL22L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL22L1
obo:PR_000014203
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL23 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL23
obo:PR_000014204
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL23A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL23A
obo:PR_000014205
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL24 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL24
obo:PR_000014206
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL26 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL26
  A SIG-20
  A silica-induced gene 20 protein
obo:PR_000014207
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL26L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL26L1
obo:PR_000014208
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL27 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL27
obo:PR_000014209
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL27A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A L29
  A RPL27A
obo:PR_000014210
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL28 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL28
obo:PR_000014211
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL29 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cell surface heparin-binding protein HIP
  A RPL29
obo:PR_000014212
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HIV-1 TAR RNA-binding protein B
  A RPL3
  A J1 protein
  A TARBP-B
obo:PR_000014227
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL3L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL3L
obo:PR_000014213
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL30 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL30
obo:PR_000014214
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL31 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL31
obo:PR_000014215
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL32 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL32
obo:PR_000014216
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL34 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL34
obo:PR_000014217
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL35 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL35
obo:PR_000014218
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL35A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cell growth-inhibiting gene 33 protein
  A RPL35A
obo:PR_000014219
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL36 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL36
obo:PR_000014220
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL36A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cell migration-inducing gene 6 protein
  A RPL36A
  A cell growth-inhibiting gene 15 protein
  A 60S ribosomal protein L44
obo:PR_000014221
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL36AL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL36AL
obo:PR_000014222
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL37 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G1.16
  A RPL37
obo:PR_000014223
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL37A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL37A
obo:PR_000014224
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL38 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL38
obo:PR_000014225
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL39 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL39
obo:PR_000014226
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL39L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL39L
  A 60S ribosomal protein L39-2
obo:PR_000014228
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL4
  A 60S ribosomal protein L1
obo:PR_000014229
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL41 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HG12
  A RPL41
obo:PR_000014230
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL5
obo:PR_000014231
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL6
  A Tax-responsive enhancer element-binding protein 107
  A TaxREB107
  A neoplasm-related protein C140
obo:PR_000014232
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL7
obo:PR_000014234
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL7L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL7L1
obo:PR_000014233
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL7A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A surfeit locus protein 3
  A RPL7A
  A PLA-X polypeptide
obo:PR_000014235
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL8
obo:PR_000014236
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPL9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPL9
obo:PR_000011216
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NIP7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A KD93
  A PEachy
  A kDa93
  A NIP7
obo:PR_000011483
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NUDT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A nucleoside diphosphate-linked moiety X motif 1
  A 8-oxo-dGTPase
  A NUDT1
  A nudix motif 1
obo:PR_000022872
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hdhA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 7-alpha-HSDH
  A hdhA
obo:PR_000034945
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 queE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CDG synthase
  A queE
  A queuosine biosynthesis protein QueE
obo:PR_000023669
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 queC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 7-cyano-7-carbaguanine synthase
  A PreQ(0) synthase
  A queuosine biosynthesis protein queC
  A queC
obo:PR_000006454
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHCR7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A putative sterol reductase SR-2
  A DHCR7
  A 7-DHC reductase
  A sterol Delta(7)-reductase
obo:PR_000034582
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yceF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yceF
  A Maf-like protein YceF
obo:PR_000011456
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NT5C3B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NT5C3B
  A cN-III-like protein
  A cytosolic 5'-nucleotidase III-like protein
obo:PR_000009049
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human INPP5E gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phosphatidylinositol polyphosphate 5-phosphatase type IV
  A phosphatidylinositol-4,5-bisphosphate 5-phosphatase
  A INPP5E
obo:PR_000010479
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MMP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A matrix metalloproteinase-2
  A TBE-1
  A MMP2
  A MMP-2
  A 72 kDa gelatinase
  A gelatinase A
obo:PR_000010326
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MEPCE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MePCE
  A bin3 homolog
  A bicoid-interacting protein 3 homolog
  A MEPCE
obo:PR_000011490
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NUDT18 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A nucleoside diphosphate-linked moiety X motif 18
  A NUDT18
  A nudix motif 18
obo:PR_000023327
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 mutT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 7,8-dihydro-8-oxoguanine-triphosphatase
  A dGTP pyrophosphohydrolase
  A mutT
obo:PR_000012811
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PLA2G6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GVI PLA2
  A CaI-PLA2
  A group VI phospholipase A2
  A PLA2G6
  A iPLA2
  A 85 kDa calcium-independent phospholipase A2
obo:PR_000033253
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 nanS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A neu5,9Ac2 deacetylase
  A probable 9-O-acetyl-N-acetylneuraminate esterase
  A nanS
  A probable sialyl esterase NanS
obo:PR_000004688
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCKDK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCKDK
  A branched-chain alpha-ketoacid dehydrogenase kinase
  A BCKDHKIN
  A BCKD-kinase
obo:PR_000022288
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 citC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A citC
  A acetate:SH-citrate lyase ligase
  A citrate lyase synthetase
obo:PR_000010399
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MICAL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NEDD9-interacting protein with calponiny and LIM domains
  A molecule interacting with CasL protein 1
  A protein-methionine sulfoxide oxidase MICAL1
  A MICAL1
obo:PR_000010400
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MICAL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MICAL2
  A protein MICAL-2
obo:PR_000010401
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MICAL3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MICAL3
  A protein-methionine sulfoxide oxidase MICAL3
  A protein MICAL-3
obo:PR_000022599
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 feoC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A feoC
  A ferrous iron transport protein C
obo:PR_000003788
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADPRH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADP-ribosylarginine hydrolase
  A ADP-ribose-L-arginine cleaving enzyme
  A ADPRH
obo:PR_000003789
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADPRHL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADP-ribosylhydrolase 2
  A ADPRHL1
obo:PR_000012504
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PDK1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase isoform 1
  A [pyruvate dehydrogenase [lipoamide]] kinase isozyme 1, mitochondrial
  A PDK1
obo:PR_000012505
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PDK2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PDK2
  A pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase isoform 2
  A [pyruvate dehydrogenase [lipoamide]] kinase isozyme 2, mitochondrial
obo:PR_000012506
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PDK3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A [pyruvate dehydrogenase [lipoamide]] kinase isozyme 3, mitochondrial
  A PDK3
  A pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase isoform 3
obo:PR_000012507
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PDK4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PDK4
  A pyruvate dehydrogenase kinase isoform 4
  A [pyruvate dehydrogenase [lipoamide]] kinase isozyme 4, mitochondrial
obo:PR_000012513
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PDP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PDPC 1
  A protein phosphatase 2C
  A PDP 1
  A pyruvate dehydrogenase phosphatase catalytic subunit 1
  A PDP1
obo:PR_000012514
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PDP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PDP2
  A pyruvate dehydrogenase phosphatase catalytic subunit 2
  A PDPC 2
  A PDP 2
obo:PR_000003727
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAMTS1
  A METH-1
  A ADAMTS-1
  A ADAM-TS 1
  A ADAM-TS1
obo:PR_000032169
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAMTS-10
  A ADAM-TS10
  A ADAMTS10
  A ADAM-TS 10
obo:PR_000029296
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAM-TS 12
  A ADAMTS12
  A ADAM-TS12
  A ADAMTS-12
obo:PR_000003728
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAMTS13
  A ADAMTS-13
  A von Willebrand factor-cleaving protease
  A ADAM-TS13
  A vWF-CP
  A ADAM-TS 13
  A vWF-cleaving protease
obo:PR_000003729
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAM-TS 14
  A ADAMTS14
  A ADAM-TS14
  A ADAMTS-14
obo:PR_000030770
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAMTS-15
  A ADAMTS15
  A ADAM-TS15
  A ADAM-TS 15
obo:PR_000031491
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS16 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAM-TS 16
  A ADAMTS16
  A ADAMTS-16
  A ADAM-TS16
obo:PR_000030471
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS17 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAMTS17
  A ADAM-TS 17
  A ADAMTS-17
  A ADAM-TS17
obo:PR_000032093
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS18 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAMTS-18
  A ADAM-TS18
  A ADAM-TS 18
  A ADAMTS18
obo:PR_000029297
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS19 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAMTS19
  A ADAM-TS19
  A ADAM-TS 19
  A ADAMTS-19
obo:PR_000003730
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAMTS-2
  A procollagen I/II amino propeptide-processing enzyme
  A ADAM-TS 2
  A pNPI
  A ADAMTS2
  A procollagen N-endopeptidase
  A ADAM-TS2
  A PC I-NP
  A procollagen I N-proteinase
obo:PR_000003731
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS20 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAM-TS 20
  A ADAMTS-20
  A ADAM-TS20
  A ADAMTS20
obo:PR_000003732
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAMTS-3
  A ADAM-TS 3
  A PC II-NP
  A procollagen II N-proteinase
  A procollagen II amino propeptide-processing enzyme
  A ADAMTS3
  A ADAM-TS3
obo:PR_000003733
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADMP-1
  A aggrecanase-1
  A ADAMTS4
  A ADAM-TS4
  A ADAM-TS 4
  A ADAMTS-4
obo:PR_000003734
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A A disintegrin and metalloproteinase with thrombospondin motifs 11
  A implantin
  A ADMP-2
  A ADAMTS-11
  A ADAMTS-5
  A aggrecanase-2
  A ADAM-TS5
  A ADAM-TS 11
  A ADAMTS5
  A ADAM-TS 5
obo:PR_000032252
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAMTS-6
  A ADAM-TS6
  A ADAM-TS 6
  A ADAMTS6
obo:PR_000003735
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A COMPase
  A ADAM-TS 7
  A ADAMTS-7
  A ADAM-TS7
  A ADAMTS7
obo:PR_000003736
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A METH-2
  A ADAMTS-8
  A ADAM-TS8
  A ADAMTS8
  A ADAM-TS 8
  A METH-8
obo:PR_000003737
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTS9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAM-TS 9
  A ADAM-TS9
  A ADAMTS9
  A ADAMTS-9
obo:PR_000003883
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKAP 149
  A dual specificity A-kinase-anchoring protein 1
  A AKAP1
  A D-AKAP-1
  A A-kinase anchor protein 149 kDa
  A S-AKAP
  A spermatid A-kinase anchor protein 84
  A S-AKAP84
  A protein kinase A-anchoring protein 1
  A spermatid A-kinase anchor protein
  A PRKA1
obo:PR_000003884
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A D-AKAP-2
  A AKAP-10
  A protein kinase A-anchoring protein 10
  A AKAP10
  A PRKA10
  A dual specificity A kinase-anchoring protein 2
obo:PR_000003885
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein kinase A-anchoring protein 11
  A A kinase anchor protein 220 kDa
  A AKAP11
  A AKAP-11
  A AKAP 220
  A PRKA11
obo:PR_000003886
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKAP-12
  A AKAP12
  A germ cell lineage protein gercelin
  A myasthenia gravis autoantigen
  A A-kinase anchor protein 250 kDa
  A SSeCKS
  A src-suppressed C kinase substrate
  A AKAP 250
  A gravin
obo:PR_000003887
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A thyroid-anchoring protein 31
  A AKAP-13
  A LBC oncogene
  A non-oncogenic Rho GTPase-specific GTP exchange factor
  A AKAP-Lbc
  A protein kinase A-anchoring protein 13
  A guanine nucleotide exchange factor Lbc
  A lymphoid blast crisis oncogene
  A breast cancer nuclear receptor-binding auxiliary protein
  A AKAP13
obo:PR_000003888
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKAP 28
  A A-kinase anchor protein 28 kDa
  A AKAP14
  A protein kinase A-anchoring protein 14
  A AKAP-14
obo:PR_000014755
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP17A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKAP17A
  A 721P
  A splicing factor, arginine/serine-rich 17A
  A protein XE7
  A B-lymphocyte antigen
obo:PR_000015944
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Sfrs17b gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Sfrs17b
  A splicing factor, arginine/serine-rich 17B
  A protein Talia
obo:PR_000003889
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKAP-KL
  A AKAP expressed in kidney and lung
  A protein kinase A-anchoring protein 2
  A AKAP2
  A AKAP-2
  A PRKA2
obo:PR_000003890
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PRKA3
  A fibrousheathin I
  A CT82
  A AKAP 110
  A cancer/testis antigen 82
  A AKAP3
  A A-kinase anchor protein 110 kDa
  A fibrousheathin-1
  A FSP95
  A fibrous sheath protein of 95 kDa
  A AKAP-3
  A protein kinase A-anchoring protein 3
  A sperm oocyte-binding protein
obo:PR_000003891
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein kinase A-anchoring protein 4
  A HI
  A AKAP4
  A FSC1
  A AKAP-4
  A AKAP 82
  A A-kinase anchor protein 82 kDa
  A PRKA4
  A major sperm fibrous sheath protein
obo:PR_000003892
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cAMP-dependent protein kinase regulatory subunit II high affinity-binding protein
  A AKAP5
  A AKAP 79
  A A-kinase anchor protein 79 kDa
  A AKAP-5
  A H21
obo:PR_000003893
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein kinase A-anchoring protein 6
  A AKAP 100
  A AKAP6
  A PRKA6
  A mAKAP
  A A-kinase anchor protein 100 kDa
  A AKAP-6
obo:PR_000004556
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKAP7
  A protein kinase A-anchoring protein 7
  A AKAP-7
obo:PR_000003894
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKAP 95
  A A-kinase anchor protein 95 kDa
  A AKAP8
  A AKAP-8
obo:PR_000003895
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP8L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HA95
  A neighbor of A-kinase-anchoring protein 95
  A homologous to AKAP95 protein
  A neighbor of AKAP95
  A HAP95
  A AKAP8-like protein
  A AKAP8L
  A helicase A-binding protein 95
obo:PR_000003896
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKAP9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A centrosome- and Golgi-localized PKN-associated protein
  A AKAP 120-like protein
  A AKAP9
  A protein kinase A-anchoring protein 9
  A AKAP 450
  A A-kinase anchor protein 350 kDa
  A AKAP 350
  A hgAKAP 350
  A PRKA9
  A CG-NAP
  A AKAP-9
  A protein hyperion
  A protein yotiao
  A A-kinase anchor protein 450 kDa
obo:PR_000015524
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SPHKAP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SPHKAP
  A sphingosine kinase type 1-interacting protein
  A SPHK1-interactor and AKAP domain-containing protein
obo:PR_000037418
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Arabidopsis thaliana ABD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABD1
obo:PR_000044426
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Haemophilus influenzae Rd KW20 artI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A artI
obo:PR_000022157
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 artJ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A artJ
obo:PR_000034913
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 artI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A artI(EG11625)
obo:PR_000033930
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 modF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A photorepair protein PhrA
  A molybdenum transport ATP-binding protein ModF
  A modF
obo:PR_000024197
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 uup gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A uup
obo:PR_000034306
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yojI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABC transporter ATP-binding protein YojI
  A yojI
obo:PR_000023904
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 sapA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sapA
  A peptide transport periplasmic protein SapA
obo:PR_000034228
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ycjN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ycjN
obo:PR_000034155
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yphF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yphF
obo:PR_000035167
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ytfQ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ytfQ
obo:PR_000034758
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yphD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yphD
obo:PR_000029258
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABHD10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABHD10
obo:PR_000003580
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABI3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Nesh
  A new molecule including SH3
  A ABI3
obo:PR_000003578
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABI1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A abelson interactor 1
  A spectrin SH3 domain-binding protein 1
  A ablphilin-1
  A nap1-binding protein
  A eps8 SH3 domain-binding protein
  A e3B1
  A AblBP4
  A eps8-binding protein
  A ABI1
  A abl-binding protein 4
  A Nap1BP
  A Abi-1
obo:PR_000003579
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABI2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A abl-binding protein 3
  A arg-binding protein 1
  A Abi-2
  A ArgBP1
  A ABI2
  A AblBP3
  A abelson interactor 2
obo:PR_000004381
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASPM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A calmodulin-binding protein 1
  A abnormal spindle protein homolog
  A calmodulin-binding protein Sha1
  A spindle and hydroxyurea checkpoint abnormal protein
  A ASPM
  A Asp homolog
obo:PR_000029892
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ZFYVE19 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A zinc finger FYVE domain-containing protein 19
  A ZFYVE19
  A MLL partner containing FYVE domain
obo:PR_000029159
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Staphylococcus aureus agrA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A agrA
obo:PR_000023233
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 mhpF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mhpF
  A acetaldehyde dehydrogenase [acetylating]
obo:PR_000022183
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 atoD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A atoD
  A acetyl-CoA:acetoacetate-CoA transferase subunit alpha
obo:PR_000022180
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 atoA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acetyl-CoA:acetoacetate-CoA transferase subunit beta
  A atoA
obo:PR_000035281
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ydiF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A short-chain acyl-CoA:acetate CoA-transferase
  A ydiF
obo:PR_000022041
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ackA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acetokinase
  A ackA
obo:PR_000003519
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AACS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acyl-CoA synthetase family member 1
  A protein sur-5 homolog
  A AACS
obo:PR_000023002
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ilvB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acetohydroxy-acid synthase I large subunit
  A ilvB
obo:PR_000023010
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ilvN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acetohydroxy-acid synthase I small subunit
  A ilvN
obo:PR_000023006
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ilvG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ilvG
  A acetohydroxy-acid synthase II large subunit
obo:PR_000023009
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ilvM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ilvM
  A acetohydroxy-acid synthase II small subunit
obo:PR_000023008
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ilvI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acetohydroxy-acid synthase III large subunit
  A ilvI
obo:PR_000023007
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ilvH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ilvH
  A acetohydroxy-acid synthase III small subunit
obo:PR_000009011
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ILVBL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ILVBL
  A IlvB-like protein
obo:PR_000022064
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 aes gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aes
obo:PR_000022181
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 atoB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A atoB
obo:PR_000033212
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yqeF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yqeF
obo:PR_000003611
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACAT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cytosolic acetoacetyl-CoA thiolase
  A acetyl-CoA transferase-like protein
  A ACAT2
obo:PR_000003610
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACAT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A T2
  A ACAT1
obo:PR_000003596
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACACA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACACA
  A ACC-alpha
  A acetyl-CoA carboxylase 265
obo:PR_000003597
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACACB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACC-beta
  A ACACB
obo:PR_000033796
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yfdE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein YfdE
  A yfdE
obo:PR_000022032
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 accA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A accA
  A acetyl-CoA carboxylase carboxyltransferase subunit alpha
  A ACCase subunit alpha
obo:PR_000022035
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 accD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A accD
  A ACCase subunit beta
  A acetyl-CoA carboxylase carboxyltransferase subunit beta
obo:PR_000022052
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 acs gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acyl-activating enzyme
  A acs
  A acetate--CoA ligase
obo:PR_000003671
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACSS1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acetate--CoA ligase 2
  A acetyl-CoA synthetase 2
  A ACSS1
  A acyl-CoA synthetase short-chain family member 1
  A AceCS2
obo:PR_000003672
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACSS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acyl-CoA synthetase short-chain family member 2
  A ACSS2
  A AceCS
  A acetyl-CoA synthetase
obo:PR_000015085
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SLC33A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AT-1
  A acetyl-CoA transporter 1
  A solute carrier family 33 member 1
  A SLC33A1
obo:PR_000037073
  D "A protein that includes at least one acetylated residue."
  A Prot/AcRes+
obo:PR_000003626
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACHE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACHE
  A AChE
obo:PR_000005728
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human COLQ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A COLQ
  A acetylcholinesterase-associated collagen
  A AChE Q subunit
obo:PR_000004596
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human B3GNT6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A core 3 synthase
  A beta-1,3-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase 6
  A beta-1,3-Gn-T6
  A UDP-GlcNAc:betaGal beta-1,3-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase 6
  A B3GNT6
  A BGnT-6
  A beta3Gn-T6
obo:PR_000022127
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 argB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A N-acetyl-L-glutamate 5-phosphotransferase
  A argB
  A NAG kinase
obo:PR_000022129
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 argE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acetylornithinase
  A N-acetylornithinase
  A argE
  A AO
  A NAO
obo:PR_000022128
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 argD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A succinyldiaminopimelate transferase
  A DapATase
  A argD
  A ACOAT
obo:PR_000004374
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASMT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hydroxyindole O-methyltransferase
  A ASMT
  A HIOMT
obo:PR_000032990
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ypeA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ypeA
obo:PR_000004362
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASCL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASCL1
  A ASH-1
  A class A basic helix-loop-helix protein 46
  A bHLHa46
obo:PR_000004363
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASCL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bHLHa45
  A ASCL2
  A ASH-2
  A class A basic helix-loop-helix protein 45
obo:PR_000004364
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASCL3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASH-3
  A class A basic helix-loop-helix protein 42
  A bHLHa42
  A ASH3
  A ASCL3
  A bHLH transcriptional regulator Sgn-1
obo:PR_000004365
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASCL4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A class A basic helix-loop-helix protein 44
  A ASH4
  A ASH-4
  A ASCL4
  A bHLHa44
  A achaete-scute-like protein 4
obo:PR_000004366
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASCL5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A class A basic helix-loop-helix protein 47
  A ASH5
  A ASH-5
  A bHLHa47
  A ASCL5
obo:PR_000004336
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASAH1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASAH1
  A PHP32
  A putative 32 kDa heart protein
  A AC
  A acylsphingosine deacylase
  A N-acylsphingosine amidohydrolase
obo:PR_000012265
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PAPL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PAPL
  A iron/zinc purple acid phosphatase-like protein
obo:PR_000022174
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 asr gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A asr
obo:PR_000015296
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SMPDL3A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SMPDL3A
  A ASM-like phosphodiesterase 3a
obo:PR_000015297
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SMPDL3B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SMPDL3B
  A ASM-like phosphodiesterase 3b
obo:PR_000022868
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hdeA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 10K-S protein
  A hdeA
obo:PR_000033393
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yrbA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein YrbA
  A yrbA
obo:PR_000035302
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ygiC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ygiC
obo:PR_000034618
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yjfC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yjfC
obo:PR_000003617
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASIC4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A amiloride-sensitive cation channel 4
  A amiloride-sensitive cation channel 4, pituitary
  A ASIC4
obo:PR_000003618
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASIC5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A brain-liver-intestine amiloride-sensitive Na(+) channel
  A amiloride-sensitive cation channel 5
  A intestine Na(+) channel
  A ASIC5
  A BLINaC
  A INaC
obo:PR_000007791
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GADL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A glutamate decarboxylase-like protein 1
  A GADL1
obo:PR_000007519
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FIBP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FGF-1 intracellular-binding protein
  A FIBP
  A aFGF intracellular-binding protein
obo:PR_000004065
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANP32A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A potent heat-stable protein phosphatase 2A inhibitor I1PP2A
  A acidic nuclear phosphoprotein pp32
  A leucine-rich acidic nuclear protein
  A mapmodulin
  A Lanp
  A PHAPI
  A ANP32A
obo:PR_000004066
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANP32B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PHAPI2
  A acidic protein rich in leucines
  A proliferation-related acidic leucine-rich protein PAL31
  A silver-stainable protein SSP29
  A ANP32B
obo:PR_000032654
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANP32C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A tumorigenic protein pp32r1
  A ANP32C
  A phosphoprotein 32-related protein 1
obo:PR_000030379
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANP32D gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A tumorigenic protein pp32r2
  A ANP32D
  A phosphoprotein 32-related protein 2
obo:PR_000004067
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANP32E gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANP32E
  A LANP-L
  A LANP-like protein
  A cerebellar postnatal development protein 1
obo:PR_000005425
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CHIA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CHIA
  A AMCase
  A lung-specific protein TSA1902
  A YNL
obo:PR_000023300
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 msyB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A msyB
obo:PR_000030374
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GCNA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GCNA
obo:PR_000022042
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 acnA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aconitate hydratase 1
  A citrate hydro-lyase 1
  A acnA
  A aconitase 1
obo:PR_000022043
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 acnB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acnB
  A aconitate hydratase 2
obo:PR_000003632
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACO2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACO2
obo:PR_000034251
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 envR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A envR
obo:PR_000003652
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACR
obo:PR_000003653
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACRBP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CT23
  A proacrosin-binding protein sp32
  A cancer/testis antigen 23
  A ACRBP
  A cancer/testis antigen OY-TES-1
obo:PR_000003654
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACRV1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MSA-63
  A ACRV1
  A acrosomal vesicle protein 1
obo:PR_000003802
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AFAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AFAP1
  A 110 kDa actin filament-associated protein
  A AFAP-110
obo:PR_000003803
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AFAP1L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AFAP1-like protein 1
  A AFAP1L1
obo:PR_000003804
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AFAP1L2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AFAP1L2
  A AFAP1-like protein 2
obo:PR_000003679
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-cardiac actin
  A ACTC1
obo:PR_000003674
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTA1
  A alpha-actin-1
obo:PR_000003675
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTA2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTA2
  A alpha-actin-2
  A cell growth-inhibiting gene 46 protein
obo:PR_000003676
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTB
  A beta-actin
obo:PR_000003680
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTG1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A gamma-actin
  A ACTG1
obo:PR_000003681
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTG2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A smooth muscle gamma-actin
  A ACTG2
  A gamma-2-actin
  A alpha-actin-3
obo:PR_000030815
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FAM107A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FAM107A
  A Down-regulated in renal cell carcinoma 1
  A protein TU3A
obo:PR_000003584
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABLIM1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A actin-binding double zinc finger protein
  A LIMAB1
  A limatin
  A abLIM-1
  A ABLIM1
  A actin-binding LIM protein family member 1
obo:PR_000003585
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABLIM2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A abLIM-2
  A ABLIM2
  A actin-binding LIM protein family member 2
obo:PR_000003586
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABLIM3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A abLIM-3
  A actin-binding LIM protein family member 3
  A ABLIM3
obo:PR_000009092
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human IPP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A IPP
  A murine IAP-promoted placenta-expressed protein
  A kelch-like protein 27
  A protein MIPP
obo:PR_000003590
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABRA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A striated muscle activator of Rho-dependent signaling
  A STARS
  A ABRA
obo:PR_000032492
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SETD3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SETD3
  A SET domain-containing protein 3
  A histone-lysine N-methyltransferase setd3
obo:PR_000030370
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTL10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTL10
obo:PR_000003682
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTL6A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BAF53A
  A ACTL6A
  A BRG1-associated factor 53A
  A ArpNbeta
  A INO80 complex subunit K
  A 53 kDa BRG1-associated factor A
  A actin-related protein Baf53a
obo:PR_000003683
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTL6B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTL6B
  A ArpNalpha
  A actin-related protein Baf53b
  A BRG1-associated factor 53B
  A BAF53B
  A ArpN-alpha
  A 53 kDa BRG1-associated factor B
  A ArpNa
obo:PR_000003684
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTL7A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A actin-like-7-alpha
  A testis-specific actin-2
  A ACTL7A
  A T-actin-2
obo:PR_000003685
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTL7B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A testis-specific actin-1
  A T-actin-1
  A ACTL7B
  A actin-like-7-beta
obo:PR_000003686
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTL9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTL9
obo:PR_000003687
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTL8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cancer/testis antigen 57
  A CT57
  A ACTL8
obo:PR_000003692
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTR10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTR10
obo:PR_000004307
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTR3C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTR3C
obo:PR_000003695
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A actin-like protein 2
  A ACTR2
obo:PR_000004308
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARPC1A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SOP2-like protein
  A Sid 329
  A ARPC1A
obo:PR_000004309
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARPC1B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arp2/3 complex 41 kDa subunit
  A ARPC1B
  A p41-ARC
obo:PR_000004310
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARPC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARPC2
  A p34-ARC
  A arp2/3 complex 34 kDa subunit
obo:PR_000004311
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARPC3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A p21-ARC
  A ARPC3
  A arp2/3 complex 21 kDa subunit
obo:PR_000004312
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARPC4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A p20-ARC
  A arp2/3 complex 20 kDa subunit
  A ARPC4
obo:PR_000004313
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARPC5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARPC5
  A arp2/3 complex 16 kDa subunit
  A p16-ARC
obo:PR_000004314
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARPC5L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARC16-2
  A arp2/3 complex 16 kDa subunit 2
  A ARPC5L
obo:PR_000003696
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTR3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTR3
  A actin-like protein 3
obo:PR_000003697
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTR3B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARP3-beta
  A ACTR3B
  A actin-related protein ARP4
  A actin-like protein 3B
obo:PR_000003698
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTR5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTR5
  A sarcoma antigen NY-SAR-16
obo:PR_000003699
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTR6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Arp6
  A ACTR6
  A ARPX
obo:PR_000003700
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTR8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A INO80 complex subunit N
  A ACTR8
obo:PR_000004315
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTRT3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTRT3
obo:PR_000003701
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTRT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARP-T1
  A ACTRT1
obo:PR_000003702
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTRT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A actin-related protein M2
  A ARP-T2
  A ACTRT2
obo:PR_000016496
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TNK2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A non-receptor protein tyrosine kinase Ack
  A tyrosine kinase non-receptor protein 2
  A ACK-1
  A TNK2
obo:PR_000015810
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SUB1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A single-stranded DNA-binding protein p9
  A SUB1 homolog
  A SUB1
  A positive cofactor 4
obo:PR_000003987
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMBRA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMBRA1
obo:PR_000016673
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TRIP4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TR-interacting protein 4
  A ASC-1
  A TRIP-4
  A thyroid receptor-interacting protein 4
  A TRIP4
obo:PR_000004359
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASCC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Trip4 complex subunit p50
  A ASC-1 complex subunit p50
  A ASCC1
obo:PR_000004360
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASCC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Trip4 complex subunit p100
  A ASCC2
  A ASC-1 complex subunit p100
obo:PR_000004361
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASCC3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A helicase, ATP binding 1
  A ASCC3
  A Trip4 complex subunit p200
  A ASC-1 complex subunit p200
obo:PR_000004405
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATF7IP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATFa-associated modulator
  A AM
  A ATF-interacting protein
  A ATF7IP
  A MBD1-containing chromatin-associated factor 1
  A P621
  A ATF-IP
obo:PR_000004406
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATF7IP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATF7IP2
  A protein similar to MCAF2
  A MBD1-containing chromatin-associated factor 2
obo:PR_000003860
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AHSA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AHA1
  A AHSA1
obo:PR_000003861
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AHSA2P gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AHSA2P
obo:PR_000008752
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HRK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HRK
  A BH3-interacting domain-containing protein 3
  A neuronal death protein DP5
obo:PR_000003591
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABT1
  A basal transcriptional activator
obo:PR_000049995
  D "A protein that has alpha-amylase activity."
  A fam:AMY
obo:PR_000003589
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABR
obo:PR_000014262
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RPS19BP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RPS19BP1
  A S19BP
  A 40S ribosomal protein S19-binding protein 1
  A RPS19-binding protein 1
obo:PR_000003784
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADNP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A activity-dependent neuroprotective protein
  A ADNP
obo:PR_000003785
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADNP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADNP homeoboInOwlx protein 2
  A ADNP2
  A zinc finger protein 508
obo:PR_000004196
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARC
  A Arg3.1
  A activity-regulated gene 3.1 protein homolog
  A ARC/ARG3.1
  A mArc
obo:PR_000022045
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 acpP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CAF
  A fatty acid synthase acyl carrier protein
  A acpP
  A cytosolic-activating factor
  A ACP
obo:PR_000022044
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 acpH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acpH
  A ACP phosphodiesterase
obo:PR_000011081
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NDUFAB1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NADH-ubiquinone oxidoreductase 9.6 kDa subunit
  A CI-SDAP
  A NDUFAB1
obo:PR_000023120
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 lpxA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine acyltransferase
  A lpxA
obo:PR_000007317
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FADS1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Delta(5) desaturase
  A fatty acid desaturase 1
  A FADS1
  A Delta(5) fatty acid desaturase
  A D5D
obo:PR_000007318
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FADS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Delta(6) fatty acid desaturase
  A D6D
  A FADS2
  A fatty acid desaturase 2
  A Delta(6) desaturase
obo:PR_000032794
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACAD10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACAD-10
  A ACAD10
obo:PR_000029259
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACAD11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACAD11
  A ACAD-11
obo:PR_000003599
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACAD9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACAD-9
  A ACAD9
obo:PR_000033311
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ydiO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ydiO
obo:PR_000014497
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SCD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fatty acid desaturase
  A Delta(9)-desaturase
  A stearoyl-CoA desaturase
  A SCD
obo:PR_000015921
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Scd1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Scd1
  A stearoyl-CoA desaturase 1
  A Delta(9)-desaturase 1
obo:PR_000015922
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Scd2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Delta(9)-desaturase 2
  A stearoyl-CoA desaturase 2
  A Scd2
obo:PR_000003657
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACSF2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACSF2
obo:PR_000003658
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACSF3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACSF3
obo:PR_000003673
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACSS3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACSS3
obo:PR_000032845
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ybgC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ybgC
  A acyl-CoA thioesterase
obo:PR_000032922
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ybhC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ybhC
obo:PR_000033633
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yciA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein P14
  A yciA
obo:PR_000024049
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 tesB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acyl-CoA thioesterase II
  A TEII
  A tesB
obo:PR_000006434
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AWAT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 2-like protein 3
  A long-chain-alcohol O-fatty-acyltransferase 1
  A diacylglycerol acyltransferase 2
  A AWAT1
obo:PR_000006435
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AWAT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A long-chain-alcohol O-fatty-acyltransferase 2
  A multifunctional O-acyltransferase
  A diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase 2-like protein 4
  A AWAT2
  A Wax synthase
  A diacylglycerol O-acyltransferase candidate 4
obo:PR_000031489
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACBD4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACBD4
obo:PR_000032706
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACBD5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACBD5
obo:PR_000003613
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACBD6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACBD6
obo:PR_000032567
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACBD7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACBD7
obo:PR_000006295
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DBI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EP
  A diazepam-binding inhibitor
  A DBI
  A endozepine
  A ACBP
obo:PR_000009893
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human LPGAT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A LPGAT1
obo:PR_000004542
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Acnat1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Acnat1
obo:PR_000004543
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Acnat2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Acnat2
obo:PR_000022569
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 fadE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACDH
  A fadE
obo:PR_000003645
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACOXL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACOXL
  A acyl-CoA oxidase-like protein
obo:PR_000003664
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACSM1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A lipoate-activating enzyme
  A acyl-CoA synthetase medium-chain family member 1
  A butyrate--CoA ligase 1
  A middle-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 1
  A ACSM1
  A butyryl-coenzyme A synthetase 1
obo:PR_000004548
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Acsm2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A middle-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 2
  A butyrate--CoA ligase 2
  A Acsm2
  A butyryl-coenzyme A synthetase 2
  A acyl-CoA synthetase medium-chain family member 2
obo:PR_000003665
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACSM2A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A butyryl-coenzyme A synthetase 2A
  A ACSM2A
  A acyl-CoA synthetase medium-chain family member 2A
  A butyrate--CoA ligase 2A
  A middle-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 2A
obo:PR_000003666
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACSM2B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACSM2B
  A acyl-CoA synthetase medium-chain family member 2B
  A middle-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 2B
  A xenobiotic/medium-chain fatty acid-CoA ligase HXM-A
  A butyrate--CoA ligase 2B
  A butyryl-coenzyme A synthetase 2B
obo:PR_000003667
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACSM3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACSM3
  A protein SA homolog
  A middle-chain acyl-CoA synthetase 3
  A butyryl-coenzyme A synthetase 3
  A butyrate--CoA ligase 3
  A acyl-CoA synthetase medium-chain family member 3
obo:PR_000003668
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACSM4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A O-MACS
  A olfactory specific medium-chain acyl CoA synthetase
  A ACSM4
obo:PR_000003669
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACSM5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACSM5
obo:PR_000003670
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACSM6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACSM6
obo:PR_000003633
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACOT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acyl-CoA thioesterase 1
  A CTE-I
  A long chain acyl-CoA hydrolase
  A CTE-Ib
  A inducible cytosolic acyl-coenzyme A thioester hydrolase
  A ACOT1
obo:PR_000004544
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Acot10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mitochondrial 48 kDa acyl-CoA thioester hydrolase 2
  A mt-ACT48.2
  A acyl-CoA thioesterase 10
  A Acot10
obo:PR_000003634
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACOT11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acyl-CoA thioester hydrolase 11
  A brown fat-inducible thioesterase
  A acyl-CoA thioesterase 11
  A BFIT
  A ACOT11
  A adipose-associated thioesterase
obo:PR_000003635
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACOT12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACOT12
  A StARD15
  A acyl-CoA thioesterase 12
  A cytoplasmic acetyl-CoA hydrolase 1
  A acyl-CoA thioester hydrolase 12
  A CACH-1
  A START domain-containing protein 15
obo:PR_000029260
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACOT13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acyl-CoA thioesterase 13
  A thioesterase superfamily member 2
  A ACOT13
obo:PR_000003636
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACOT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACOT2
  A long-chain acyl-CoA thioesterase 2
  A acyl-coenzyme A thioester hydrolase 2a
  A CTE-Ia
  A MTE-I
  A ZAP128
  A acyl coenzyme A thioester hydrolase
  A very-long-chain acyl-CoA thioesterase
obo:PR_000004545
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Acot3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PTE-Ia
  A Acot3
  A peroxisomal acyl-coenzyme A thioester hydrolase 2a
  A peroxisomal long-chain acyl-CoA thioesterase 2
  A acyl-CoA thioesterase 3
obo:PR_000003637
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACOT4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PTE-2b
  A PTE-Ib
  A peroxisomal long-chain acyl-CoA thioesterase Ib
  A peroxisomal acyl coenzyme A thioester hydrolase Ib
  A acyl-CoA thioesterase 4
  A ACOT4
obo:PR_000004546
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Acot5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acyl-CoA thioesterase 5
  A peroxisomal acyl-CoA thioesterase Ic
  A Acot5
  A peroxisomal acyl-coenzyme A thioester hydrolase Ic
obo:PR_000030698
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACOT6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACOT6
obo:PR_000003640
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACOT8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACOT8
  A peroxisomal acyl-CoA thioesterase 2
  A PTE-1
  A PTE-2
  A choloyl-coenzyme A thioesterase
  A peroxisomal acyl-coenzyme A thioester hydrolase 1
  A ACTE-III
  A acyl-CoA thioesterase 8
  A peroxisomal long-chain acyl-CoA thioesterase 1
  A HIV-Nef-associated acyl-CoA thioesterase
obo:PR_000003641
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACOT9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acyl-CoA thioesterase 9
  A mt-ACT48.1
  A acyl-CoA thioester hydrolase 9
  A acyl coenzyme A thioester hydrolase 2
  A mitochondrial 48 kDa acyl-CoA thioester hydrolase 1
  A ACOT9
  A MTE-2
  A protein U8
obo:PR_000023479
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 paaI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A paaI
  A phenylacetic acid degradation protein paaI
obo:PR_000016307
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human THEM4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A carboxyl-terminal modulator protein
  A THEM4
  A thioesterase superfamily member 4
obo:PR_000030293
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human THEM5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A THEM5
  A thioesterase superfamily member 5
obo:PR_000010005
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human LYPLA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A LysoPLA I
  A APT-1
  A lysophospholipase 1
  A LYPLA1
  A LPL-I
  A lysophospholipase I
obo:PR_000010006
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human LYPLA2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mLyso II
  A LysoPLA II
  A LPL-II
  A lysophospholipase 2
  A lysophospholipase II
  A LYPLA2
  A APT-2
obo:PR_000029261
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APEH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acylaminoacyl-peptidase
  A oxidized protein hydrolase
  A APH
  A OPH
  A acyl-peptide hydrolase
  A AARE
  A APEH
obo:PR_000003831
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A multi-substrate lipid kinase
  A MuLK
  A multiple substrate lipid kinase
  A AGK
obo:PR_000004085
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AOAH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AOAH
obo:PR_000003705
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACYP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acylphosphate phosphohydrolase 1
  A ACYP1
  A acylphosphatase, organ-common type isozyme
  A acylphosphatase, erythrocyte isozyme
obo:PR_000003706
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACYP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acylphosphatase, muscle type isozyme
  A ACYP2
  A acylphosphate phosphohydrolase 2
obo:PR_000033756
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yihG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yihG
obo:PR_000001279
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAM17 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAM17
  A TNF-alpha-converting enzyme
  A TNF-alpha convertase
  A ADAM 17
  A snake venom-like protease
  A CD156b
obo:PR_000003726
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMDEC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A A disintegrin and metalloproteinase domain-like protein decysin-1
  A ADAM-like protein decysin-1
  A ADAMDEC1
obo:PR_000003738
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTSL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAMTSL1
  A punctin-1
  A ADAMTSL-1
obo:PR_000003739
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTSL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAMTSL-2
  A ADAMTSL2
  A TSP1-repeats-containing protein 1
  A TCP-1
obo:PR_000003740
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTSL3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A punctin-2
  A ADAMTSL-3
  A ADAMTSL3
obo:PR_000003741
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTSL4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A thrombospondin repeat-containing protein 1
  A ADAMTSL4
  A ADAMTSL-4
obo:PR_000003742
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAMTSL5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAMTSL-5
  A ADAMTSL5
  A thrombospondin type-1 domain-containing protein 6
obo:PR_000005882
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CRK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CRK
  A proto-oncogene C-crk
  A proto-oncogene c-Crk
obo:PR_000016602
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TRAF3IP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TRAF3-interacting protein 2
  A TRAF3IP2
  A ACT1
  A nuclear factor NF-kappa-B activator 1
  A connection to IKK and SAPK/JNK
obo:PR_000011112
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NECAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NECAP1
  A NECAP-1
  A NECAP endocytosis-associated protein 1
obo:PR_000011113
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NECAP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NECAP-2
  A NECAP2
  A NECAP endocytosis-associated protein 2
obo:PR_000022055
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ade gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ade
  A adenine aminase
  A adenase
obo:PR_000023328
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 mutY gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mutY
obo:PR_000010784
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MUTYH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A A/G-specific adenine DNA glycosylase
  A MutY homolog
  A MUTYH
obo:PR_000035085
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 purP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A purP
  A adenine permease PurP
obo:PR_000035016
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yicO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A permease YicO
  A yicO
obo:PR_000004175
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APRT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APRT
obo:PR_000004122
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A deleted in polyposis 2.5
  A APC
  A protein APC
obo:PR_000004123
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APC-like
  A adenomatous polyposis coli protein-like
  A APC2
obo:PR_000015093
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SLC35B2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A solute carrier family 35 member B2
  A PAPS transporter 1
  A SLC35B2
  A putative MAPK-activating protein PM15
  A putative NF-kappa-B-activating protein 48
obo:PR_000015094
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SLC35B3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SLC35B3
  A solute carrier family 35 member B3
  A PAPS transporter 2
  A 3'-phosphoadenosine 5'-phosphosulfate transporter
obo:PR_000003707
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adenosine aminohydrolase
  A ADA
obo:PR_000005313
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADA2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cat eye syndrome critical region protein 1
  A ADA2
  A adenosine deaminase CECR1
obo:PR_000003708
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAD1
  A testis nuclear RNA-binding protein
obo:PR_000031078
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAD2
  A testis nuclear RNA-binding protein-like
obo:PR_000003709
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADAL
obo:PR_000003780
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADK
  A adenosine 5'-phosphotransferase
obo:PR_000022312
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 cobC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cobC
  A alpha-ribazole-5'-phosphate phosphatase
obo:PR_000022313
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 cobS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cobalamin synthase
  A cobS
obo:PR_000003854
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AHCY gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AHCY
  A CUBP
  A S-adenosyl-L-homocysteine hydrolase
  A AdoHcyase
  A liver copper-binding protein
obo:PR_000031525
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AHCYL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AdoHcyase 3
  A S-adenosyl-L-homocysteine hydrolase 3
  A AHCYL2
  A S-adenosylhomocysteine hydrolase-like protein 2
obo:PR_000022221
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 bioA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A diaminopelargonic acid synthase
  A DAPA AT
  A bioA
  A DAPA aminotransferase
  A 7,8-diamino-pelargonic acid aminotransferase
obo:PR_000022358
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 cyaA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP pyrophosphate-lyase
  A adenylyl cyclase
  A cyaA
obo:PR_000003751
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADCY1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADCY1
  A ATP pyrophosphate-lyase 1
  A adenylyl cyclase 1
  A adenylate cyclase type I
obo:PR_000003752
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADCY10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AH-related protein
  A germ cell soluble adenylyl cyclase
  A ADCY10
  A sAC
  A adenylate cyclase homolog
  A testicular soluble adenylyl cyclase
obo:PR_000003753
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADCY2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADCY2
  A adenylate cyclase type II
  A ATP pyrophosphate-lyase 2
  A adenylyl cyclase 2
obo:PR_000003754
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADCY3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adenylate cyclase, olfactive type
  A ADCY3
  A adenylate cyclase type III
  A AC3
  A ATP pyrophosphate-lyase 3
  A AC-III
  A adenylyl cyclase 3
obo:PR_000003755
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADCY4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADCY4
  A ATP pyrophosphate-lyase 4
  A adenylate cyclase type IV
  A adenylyl cyclase 4
obo:PR_000003756
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADCY5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADCY5
  A adenylyl cyclase 5
  A adenylate cyclase type V
  A ATP pyrophosphate-lyase 5
obo:PR_000003757
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADCY6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP pyrophosphate-lyase 6
  A ADCY6
  A adenylate cyclase type VI
  A Ca(2+)-inhibitable adenylyl cyclase
  A adenylyl cyclase 6
obo:PR_000003758
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADCY7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADCY7
  A ATP pyrophosphate-lyase 7
  A adenylyl cyclase 7
  A adenylate cyclase type VII
obo:PR_000003759
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADCY8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADCY8
  A ATP pyrophosphate-lyase 8
  A adenylate cyclase type VIII
  A adenylyl cyclase 8
obo:PR_000003760
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADCY9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adenylate cyclase type IX
  A ADCY9
  A adenylyl cyclase type 10
  A ATP pyrophosphate-lyase 9
  A adenylyl cyclase 9
  A ACTP10
obo:PR_000022061
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 adk gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adk
obo:PR_000003879
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AK2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AK 2
  A ATP-AMP transphosphorylase 2
  A AK2
obo:PR_000029117
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AK4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adenylate kinase 3-like
  A AK4
obo:PR_000029118
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AK7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AK7
obo:PR_000029119
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AK8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AK8
obo:PR_000029093
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AK9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AK9
  A adenylate kinase domain-containing protein 1
  A adenylate kinase domain-containing protein 2
obo:PR_000003878
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AK1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A myokinase
  A ATP-AMP transphosphorylase 1
  A AK 1
  A AK1
obo:PR_000003881
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AK5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP-AMP transphosphorylase 5
  A AK 5
  A AK5
obo:PR_000003882
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AK6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP-AMP transphosphorylase 6
  A AK6
obo:PR_000003794
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADSL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adenylosuccinase
  A ADSL
  A ASase
obo:PR_000023637
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 purA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A purA
  A AMPSase
  A AdSS
  A IMP--aspartate ligase
obo:PR_000003796
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADSSL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMPSase 1
  A adenylosuccinate synthetase, muscle isozyme
  A ADSSL1
  A IMP--aspartate ligase 1
  A AdSS 1
obo:PR_000003795
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADSS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADSS
  A adenylosuccinate synthetase, non-muscle isozyme
  A AMPSase 2
  A IMP--aspartate ligase 2
  A adenylosuccinate synthetase, acidic isozyme
  A AdSS 2
obo:PR_000005006
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CAP1
  A CAP 1
obo:PR_000005007
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CAP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CAP 2
  A CAP2
obo:PR_000022375
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 cysC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APS kinase
  A ATP adenosine-5'-phosphosulfate 3'-phosphotransferase
  A cysC
  A adenosine-5'-phosphosulfate kinase
obo:PR_000010513
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MOCS3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A molybdopterin synthase sulfurylase
  A molybdenum cofactor synthesis protein 3
  A MOCS3
  A MPT synthase sulfurylase
obo:PR_000003877
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AJAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AJAP1
  A membrane protein shrew-1
obo:PR_000007289
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Emr4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A F4/80-like-receptor
  A EGF-like module-containing mucin-like hormone receptor-like 4
  A Emr4
  A EGF-like module receptor 4
  A seven-span membrane protein FIRE
obo:PR_000003605
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CLMP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adipocyte-specific protein 5
  A coxsackie- and adenovirus receptor-like membrane protein
  A CLMP
  A CAR-like membrane protein
obo:PR_000003797
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AEBP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AE-binding protein 1
  A aortic carboxypeptidase-like protein
  A AEBP1
obo:PR_000004139
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APMAP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein BSCv
  A protein DD16
  A APMAP
obo:PR_000004138
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADIRF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADIRF
  A apM-2
  A adipose most abundant gene transcript 2 protein
obo:PR_000003776
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADIG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A small adipocyte factor 1
  A SMAF-1
  A ADIG
obo:PR_000032074
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human C1QTNF12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A C1QTNF12
obo:PR_000003777
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADIPOQ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adipocyte, C1q and collagen domain-containing protein
  A gelatin-binding protein
  A 30 kDa adipocyte complement-related protein
  A apM-1
  A ACRP30
  A adipocyte complement-related 30 kDa protein
  A adipocyte-specific protein AdipoQ
  A ADIPOQ
  A adipose most abundant gene transcript 1 protein
obo:PR_000003778
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADIPOR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADIPOR1
  A progestin and adipoQ receptor family member I
obo:PR_000003779
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADIPOR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADIPOR2
  A progestin and adipoQ receptor family member II
obo:PR_000003781
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADM
obo:PR_000003782
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADM2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADM2
  A intermedin
obo:PR_000023423
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 nudE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A nudE
obo:PR_000003787
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADPGK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADP-GK
  A ADPGK
  A RbBP-35
obo:PR_000023718
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rfaF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADP-heptose--LPS heptosyltransferase II
  A rfaF
obo:PR_000022904
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hldD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hldD
  A ADP-hep 6-epimerase
  A ADP-glyceromanno-heptose 6-epimerase
  A ADP-L-glycero-beta-D-manno-heptose-6-epimerase
  A AGME
obo:PR_000003790
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADPRHL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADP-ribosylhydrolase 3
  A [protein ADP-ribosylarginine] hydrolase-like protein 2
  A ADPRHL2
  A poly(ADP-ribose) glycohydrolase ARH3
obo:PR_000030204
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MACROD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MACROD1
  A protein LRP16
  A MACRO domain-containing protein 1
  A O-acetyl-ADP-ribose deacetylase MACROD1
obo:PR_000031668
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MACROD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MACRO domain-containing protein 2
  A MACROD2
  A O-acetyl-ADP-ribose deacetylase MACROD2
obo:PR_000023424
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 nudF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adenosine diphosphoribose pyrophosphatase
  A ADP-ribose diphosphatase
  A ADP-ribose phosphohydrolase
  A ASPPase
  A nudF
  A ADPR-PPase
obo:PR_000011499
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NUDT9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A nucleoside diphosphate-linked moiety X motif 9
  A nudix motif 9
  A NUDT9
obo:PR_000001281
  D "A protein that contains the ADP-ribosyl cyclase domain (Pfam:PF02267)."
obo:PR_000004201
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARF1
obo:PR_000004575
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Arf2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Arf2
obo:PR_000004202
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARF3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARF3
obo:PR_000004203
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARF4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARF4
obo:PR_000004204
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARF5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARF5
obo:PR_000004205
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARF6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARF6
obo:PR_000004206
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARFGAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARF1-directed GTPase-activating protein
  A ARF GAP 1
  A ARF1 GAP
  A ARFGAP1
  A ADP-ribosylation factor 1 GTPase-activating protein
obo:PR_000004207
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARFGAP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GTPase-activating protein ZNF289
  A zinc finger protein 289
  A ARF GAP 2
  A ARFGAP2
obo:PR_000004208
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARFGAP3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARF GAP 3
  A ARFGAP3
obo:PR_000007952
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GGA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A golgi-localized, gamma ear-containing, ARF-binding protein 1
  A gamma-adaptin-related protein 1
  A GGA1
obo:PR_000007953
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GGA2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A golgi-localized, gamma ear-containing, ARF-binding protein 2
  A VHS domain and ear domain of gamma-adaptin
  A gamma-adaptin-related protein 2
  A GGA2
  A Vear
obo:PR_000007954
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GGA3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A golgi-localized, gamma ear-containing, ARF-binding protein 3
  A GGA3
obo:PR_000004273
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL1
obo:PR_000004274
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL10
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-like membrane-associated protein
obo:PR_000004275
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL11
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-like tumor suppressor protein 1
obo:PR_000004276
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL13A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL13A
obo:PR_000004277
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL13B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL13B
  A ARL2-like protein 1
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-like protein 2-like 1
obo:PR_000004278
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL14
obo:PR_000004279
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL15
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-related protein 2
  A ARF-related protein 2
obo:PR_000004280
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL16 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL16
obo:PR_000037019
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL17A or ARL17B genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
  A ARL17
  A ADP-ribosylation factor 7 variant
obo:PR_000004282
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL2
obo:PR_000004283
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL2BP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL2BP
  A ARF-like 2-binding protein
  A binder of ARF2 protein 1
obo:PR_000004284
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL3
obo:PR_000004285
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL4A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL4A
obo:PR_000004286
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL4C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL4C
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-like protein LAK
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-like 7
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-like protein 7
obo:PR_000004287
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL4D gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-like protein 4L
  A ARL4D
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-like protein 5
obo:PR_000004288
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL5A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL5A
obo:PR_000004289
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL5B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL5B
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-like protein 8
obo:PR_000031015
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL5C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL5C
obo:PR_000004290
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL6
  A Bardet-Biedl syndrome 3 protein
obo:PR_000004291
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL6IP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL6IP1
  A ARL-6-interacting protein 1
  A Aip-1
  A protein TBX2
obo:PR_000004292
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL6IP4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SR-25
  A SR-15
  A HSP-975
  A ARL-6-interacting protein 4
  A Aip-4
  A SRp25
  A ARL6IP4
  A HSVI-binding protein
obo:PR_000004294
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL6IP6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL6IP6
  A Aip-6
  A phosphonoformate immuno-associated protein 1
  A ARL-6-interacting protein 6
obo:PR_000004295
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL8A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-like protein 10B
  A ARL8A
  A novel small G protein indispensable for equal chromosome segregation 2
obo:PR_000004296
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL8B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-like protein 10C
  A ARL8B
  A novel small G protein indispensable for equal chromosome segregation 1
obo:PR_000004297
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL9
obo:PR_000004214
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARFRP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARFRP1
  A ARF-related protein 1
obo:PR_000011496
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NUDT5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A YSA1H
  A nudix motif 5
  A NUDT5
  A nucleoside diphosphate-linked moiety X motif 5
obo:PR_000015032
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SLC25A4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A solute carrier family 25 member 4
  A ADP,ATP carrier protein, heart/skeletal muscle isoform T1
  A adenine nucleotide translocator 1
  A ADP,ATP carrier protein 1
  A ANT 1
  A SLC25A4
obo:PR_000015033
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SLC25A5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A solute carrier family 25 member 5
  A ADP,ATP carrier protein 2
  A adenine nucleotide translocator 2
  A SLC25A5
  A ADP,ATP carrier protein, fibroblast isoform
  A ANT 2
obo:PR_000015034
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SLC25A6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SLC25A6
  A ADP,ATP carrier protein, isoform T2
  A ADP,ATP carrier protein 3
  A solute carrier family 25 member 6
  A ANT 3
  A adenine nucleotide translocator 3
obo:PR_000015028
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SLC25A31 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A solute carrier family 25 member 31
  A ANT 4
  A ADP,ATP carrier protein 4
  A adenine nucleotide translocator 4
  A SLC25A31
  A sperm flagellar energy carrier protein
obo:PR_000003621
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A POT1 and TIN2-interacting protein
  A ACD
obo:PR_000007450
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FDX1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FDX1
  A hepatoredoxin
  A adrenal ferredoxin
  A ferredoxin-1
obo:PR_000007079
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ENHO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ENHO
  A energy homeostasis-associated protein
obo:PR_000014515
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SCIN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SCIN
  A gelsolin-like protein
  A scinderin
obo:PR_000003828
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGER gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A receptor for advanced glycosylation end products
  A AGER
obo:PR_000004521
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AVIL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A actin-binding protein DOC6
  A AVIL
obo:PR_000022410
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dctA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dctA
obo:PR_000022795
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 glpD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A glpD
obo:PR_000022123
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 arcA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dye resistance protein
  A arcA
obo:PR_000022124
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 arcB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arcB
obo:PR_000022063
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 aer gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aer
obo:PR_000029262
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AFF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A proto-oncogene AF4
  A ALL1-fused gene from chromosome 4 protein
  A protein AF-4
  A protein FEL
  A AFF1
obo:PR_000032758
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AFF2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fragile X mental retardation 2 protein
  A protein Ox19
  A protein FMR-2
  A FMR2P
  A AFF2
  A fragile X E mental retardation syndrome protein
obo:PR_000003805
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AFF3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A lymphoid nuclear protein related to AF4
  A AFF3
  A protein LAF-4
obo:PR_000003806
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AFF4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AFF4
  A ALL1-fused gene from chromosome 5q31 protein
  A protein AF-5q31
  A major CDK9 elongation factor-associated protein
obo:PR_000010453
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AFDN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALL1-fused gene from chromosome 6 protein
  A AFDN
  A protein AF-6
obo:PR_000015669
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SSX2IP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SSX2IP
  A afadin DIL domain-interacting protein
  A ADIP
obo:PR_000003808
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AFM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AFM
  A alpha-albumin
  A alpha-Alb
obo:PR_000009644
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AFG1L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AFG1L
  A lactation elevated protein 1
obo:PR_000034888
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Afg3l1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Afg3l1
obo:PR_000003807
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AFG3L2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AFG3L2
  A paraplegin-like protein
obo:PR_000003908
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR7A2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A succinic semialdehyde reductase
  A AFB1 aldehyde reductase 1
  A SSA reductase
  A aldoketoreductase 7
  A AFB1-AR 1
  A AKR7A2
obo:PR_000003909
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR7A3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AFB1-AR 2
  A AKR7A3
  A AFB1 aldehyde reductase 2
obo:PR_000003910
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR7L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AFB1 aldehyde reductase 3
  A AFB1-AR 3
  A aldoketoreductase 7-like
  A AKR7L
obo:PR_000003810
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AFTPH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AFTPH
obo:PR_000032943
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 agaR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A agaR
obo:PR_000004302
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARMS2
  A age-related maculopathy susceptibility protein 2, mitochondrial
obo:PR_000003606
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACAN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cartilage-specific proteoglycan core protein
  A CSPCP
  A chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan 1
  A ACAN
  A chondroitin sulfate proteoglycan core protein 1
obo:PR_000023972
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 speB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A speB
  A agmatine ureohydrolase
obo:PR_000003833
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGMAT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AGMAT
obo:PR_000003846
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGRP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AGRP
obo:PR_000004372
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASIP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASIP
  A agouti coat color protein
  A ASP
  A agouti switch protein
obo:PR_000003845
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGRN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AGRN
obo:PR_000003875
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AIP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A XAP-2
  A HBV X-associated protein 2
  A immunophilin homolog ARA9
  A AIP
  A aryl-hydrocarbon receptor-interacting protein
obo:PR_000024096
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 tqsA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A transport of quorum-sensing signal protein
  A tqsA
obo:PR_000003897
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKIRIN1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKIRIN1
obo:PR_000003898
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKIRIN2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKIRIN2
obo:PR_000029189
  D "A protein that has a core domain composition consisting of a PH domain (Pfam:PF00169), Protein kinase domain (Pfam:PF00069) and a Protein kinase C terminal domain (Pfam:PF00433). Mammals have three genes encoding AKT1, AKT2 and AKT3. The second messenger phosphatidylinositol-3,4,5-trisphosphate [PIP(3)], product of phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase, acts largely through its role as a kinase activator. Binding of the pleckstrin domain to PIP(3) results in its targeting to the plasma membrane. Full activity is gained only after phosphorylation at two sites."
  A serine-threonine kinase Akt
  A AKT
obo:PR_000003914
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKTIP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Ft1
  A fused toes protein
  A fused toes protein homolog
  A AKTIP
obo:PR_000003518
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AAAS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adracalin
  A AAAS
obo:PR_000008208
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GPT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A glutamate pyruvate transaminase 1
  A GPT
  A glutamic--pyruvic transaminase 1
  A ALT1
  A GPT 1
  A glutamic--alanine transaminase 1
obo:PR_000008209
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GPT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GPT2
  A ALT2
  A glutamate pyruvate transaminase 2
  A glutamic--pyruvic transaminase 2
  A glutamic--alanine transaminase 2
  A GPT 2
obo:PR_000031239
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AARD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AARD
obo:PR_000022086
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 alr gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alr
obo:PR_000022397
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dadX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dadX
obo:PR_000003850
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGXT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A beta-ALAAT II
  A D-AIBAT
  A beta-alanine-pyruvate aminotransferase
  A AGXT2
  A AGT 2
  A (R)-3-amino-2-methylpropionate--pyruvate transaminase
obo:PR_000003852
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PHYKPL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PHYKPL
obo:PR_000022074
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 alaS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alanyl-tRNA synthetase
  A alaS
obo:PR_000003529
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AARS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AARS
  A alanyl-tRNA synthetase, cytoplasmic
  A renal carcinoma antigen NY-REN-42
obo:PR_000032745
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AARS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AARS2
  A alanyl-tRNA synthetase, mitochondrial
obo:PR_000029253
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AARSD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alanyl-tRNA synthetase domain-containing protein 1
  A AARSD1
obo:PR_000034540
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yiaY gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yiaY
obo:PR_000004555
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Adh1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADH-A2
  A alcohol dehydrogenase A subunit
  A Adh1
obo:PR_000003767
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADH1A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADH1A
  A alcohol dehydrogenase subunit alpha
obo:PR_000003768
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADH1B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADH1B
  A alcohol dehydrogenase subunit beta
obo:PR_000003769
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADH1C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alcohol dehydrogenase subunit gamma
  A ADH1C
obo:PR_000003770
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADH4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADH2
  A ADH4
  A alcohol dehydrogenase class II
  A alcohol dehydrogenase II
  A alcohol dehydrogenase class II pi chain
obo:PR_000003772
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADH6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADH6
obo:PR_000003773
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADH7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alcohol dehydrogenase 7
  A alcohol dehydrogenase class IV mu/sigma chain
  A ADH7
  A gastric alcohol dehydrogenase
  A ADH-C2
  A retinol dehydrogenase
obo:PR_000003771
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADH5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alcohol dehydrogenase class chi chain
  A alcohol dehydrogenase 2
  A ADH-B2
  A alcohol dehydrogenase class-III
  A ADH5
  A alcohol dehydrogenase 5
  A alcohol dehydrogenase B2
obo:PR_000034753
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yqhD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yqhD
obo:PR_000022057
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 adhP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adhP
obo:PR_000022076
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 aldB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aldB
obo:PR_000003922
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALDH1A3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase 6
  A RalDH3
  A RALDH-3
  A retinaldehyde dehydrogenase 3
  A ALDH1A3
obo:PR_000031280
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALDH16A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALDH16A1
obo:PR_000031186
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALDH3B1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALDH3B1
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase 7
obo:PR_000029265
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALDH3B2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALDH3B2
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase 8
obo:PR_000003923
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALDH1B1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase 5
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase family 1 member B1
  A ALDH1B1
obo:PR_000004564
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Aldh1a7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase phenobarbital-inducible
  A ALDH class 1
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase family 1 member A7
  A Aldh1a7
obo:PR_000003926
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALDH3A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dioxin-inducible aldehyde dehydrogenase 3
  A ALDH3A1
  A ALDHIII
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase 4
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase family 3 member A1
obo:PR_000003925
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALDH2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALDH class 2
  A ALDH2
  A AHD-M1
  A ALDHI
  A ALDH-E2
obo:PR_000004089
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AOX1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AOX1
  A retinal oxidase
obo:PR_000033814
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yagS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yagS
  A xanthine dehydrogenase YagS FAD-binding subunit
obo:PR_000033902
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yagT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A xanthine dehydrogenase YagT iron-sulfur-binding subunit
  A yagT
obo:PR_000034491
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yagR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A xanthine dehydrogenase YagR molybdenum-binding subunit
  A yagR
obo:PR_000033236
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yjgB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yjgB
  A zinc-type alcohol dehydrogenase-like protein YjgB
obo:PR_000033931
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yahK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yahK
  A zinc-type alcohol dehydrogenase-like protein YahK
obo:PR_000022056
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 adhE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adhE
obo:PR_000003900
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR1A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alcohol dehydrogenase [NADP(+)]
  A AKR1A1
obo:PR_000003902
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR1B10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SI reductase
  A small intestine reductase
  A aldose reductase-related protein
  A ARL-1
  A aldose reductase-like
  A AKR1B10
obo:PR_000031574
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR1B15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKR1B15
obo:PR_000003903
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR1C1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DD1/DD2
  A HBAB
  A AKR1C1
  A dihydrodiol dehydrogenase 1/2
  A high-affinity hepatic bile acid-binding protein
  A chlordecone reductase homolog HAKRC
obo:PR_000033726
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Akr1c13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Akr1c13
obo:PR_000004560
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Akr1c18 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Akr1c18
obo:PR_000003904
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR1C2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A type III 3-alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase
  A AKR1C2
  A 3-alpha-HSD3
  A DD2
  A chlordecone reductase homolog HAKRD
  A dihydrodiol dehydrogenase/bile acid-binding protein
  A dihydrodiol dehydrogenase 2
  A DD/BABP
  A DD-2
obo:PR_000004561
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Akr1c21 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 3-alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase
  A Akr1c21
  A 17-alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase
  A dihydrodiol dehydrogenase type 3
  A dihydrodiol dehydrogenase type 1
  A DD1
  A 17-alpha-HSD
obo:PR_000003905
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR1C3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A prostaglandin F synthase
  A dihydrodiol dehydrogenase 3
  A chlordecone reductase homolog HAKRb
  A 3-alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 2
  A 3-alpha-HSD type II, brain
  A 17-beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 5
  A 3-alpha-HSD type 2
  A AKR1C3
  A HA1753
  A dihydrodiol dehydrogenase type I
  A DD-3
  A PGFS
  A testosterone 17-beta-dehydrogenase 5
obo:PR_000003906
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR1C4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A chlordecone reductase
  A AKR1C4
  A DD4
  A dihydrodiol dehydrogenase 4
  A DD-4
  A CDR
  A 3-alpha-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type I
  A 3-alpha-HSD1
  A HAKRA
obo:PR_000032637
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR1C8P gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKR1C8P
  A aldo-keto reductase family 1 member C-like protein 1
obo:PR_000004563
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Akr1e1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Akr1e1
obo:PR_000007815
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GALM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A galactose mutarotase
  A GALM
obo:PR_000003901
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKR1B1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aldo-keto reductase family 1 member B1
  A AKR1B1
obo:PR_000004558
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Akr1b7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Akr1b7
  A aldo-keto reductase family 1 member B7
  A vas deferens androgen-dependent protein
  A MVDP
obo:PR_000004559
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Akr1b8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein FR-1
  A fibroblast growth factor-regulated protein
  A Akr1b8
obo:PR_000034572
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yliI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Asd
  A yliI
  A soluble aldose sugar dehydrogenase YliI
obo:PR_000023995
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ssuB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ssuB
obo:PR_000033475
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ssuC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ssuC
obo:PR_000033749
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ssuA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ssuA
obo:PR_000030285
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALKAL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein FAM150A
  A FAM150A
  A ALKAL1
obo:PR_000032753
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALKAL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALKAL2
  A FAM150B
  A protein FAM150B
obo:PR_000001282
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A anaplastic lymphoma kinase
  A ALK receptor tyrosine kinase
  A ALK
  A CD246
obo:PR_000003623
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACER1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alkaline CDase 1
  A maCER1
  A acylsphingosine deacylase 3
  A ACER1
  A N-acylsphingosine amidohydrolase 3
  A AlkCDase 1
obo:PR_000003624
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACER2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACER2
  A CRG-L1
  A N-acylsphingosine amidohydrolase 3-like
  A alkaline CDase 2
  A AlkCDase 2
  A cancer-related gene liver 1 protein
  A aCER2
  A acylsphingosine deacylase 3-like
obo:PR_000003625
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACER3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alkaline phytoceramidase
  A aPHC
  A AlkCDase 3
  A alkaline dihydroceramidase SB89
  A ACER3
  A alkaline CDase 3
obo:PR_000023540
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 phoA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APase
  A phoA
obo:PR_000034045
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 iap gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A iap
obo:PR_000003970
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALPG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GCAP
  A placental alkaline phosphatase-like
  A germ cell alkaline phosphatase
  A ALPG
  A alkaline phosphatase Nagao isozyme
  A alkaline phosphatase, placental-like
  A PLAP-like
  A ALP-1
obo:PR_000003969
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALPP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alkaline phosphatase Regan isozyme
  A placental alkaline phosphatase 1
  A ALPP
  A PLAP-1
obo:PR_000003968
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALPL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TNSALP
  A AP-TNAP
  A alkaline phosphatase liver/bone/kidney isozyme
  A ALPL
  A alkaline phosphatase 2
obo:PR_000023996
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ssuD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ssuD
  A FMNH2-dependent aliphatic sulfonate monooxygenase
  A SSI6
  A sulfate starvation-induced protein 6
obo:PR_000022070
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ahpC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A thioredoxin peroxidase
  A ahpC
  A SCRP-23
  A SSI8
  A sulfate starvation-induced protein 8
  A alkyl hydroperoxide reductase protein C22
  A peroxiredoxin
obo:PR_000022071
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ahpF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alkyl hydroperoxide reductase F52A protein
  A ahpF
obo:PR_000034486
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yjcS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yjcS
obo:PR_000003952
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALKBH5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALKBH5
obo:PR_000003955
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALKBH8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALKBH8
obo:PR_000003842
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGPS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alkyl-DHAP synthase
  A aging-associated gene 5 protein
  A alkylglycerone-phosphate synthase
  A AGPS
obo:PR_000029266
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGMO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A transmembrane protein 195
  A AGMO
obo:PR_000013898
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RETSAT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A all-trans-13,14-dihydroretinol saturase
  A RetSat
  A RETSAT
obo:PR_000022081
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 allC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A allantoate deiminase
  A allC
obo:PR_000032772
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALLC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALLC
  A allantoate amidinohydrolase
obo:PR_000033680
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ybbW gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ybbW
  A allantoin transport protein
obo:PR_000022080
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 allB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A allB
  A allantoin-utilizing enzyme
obo:PR_000031783
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MILR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MILR1
  A mast cell immunoglobulin-like receptor 1
  A allergy inhibitory receptor 1
  A mast cell Ag-32
obo:PR_000003866
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AIF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein G1
  A AIF-1
  A ionized calcium-binding adapter molecule 1
  A AIF1
obo:PR_000003867
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AIF1L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ionized calcium-binding adapter molecule 2
  A AIF1L
obo:PR_000010344
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human METTL11B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A methyltransferase-like protein 11B
  A METTL11B
obo:PR_000029252
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AAGAB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AAGAB
obo:PR_000001320
  D "A protein that is a stand alone version of the Glycosyltransferase family 10 (fucosyltransferase) (Pfam:PF00852) domain. Proteins in this class may catalyze alpha-1,3 glycosidic linkages."
obo:PR_000007703
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FUT10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fucosyltransferase 10
  A fucosyltransferase X
  A Fuc-TX
  A FucT-X
  A FUT10
  A galactoside 3-L-fucosyltransferase 10
obo:PR_000007704
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FUT11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FucT-XI
  A fucosyltransferase XI
  A galactoside 3-L-fucosyltransferase 11
  A FUT11
  A Fuc-TXI
  A fucosyltransferase 11
obo:PR_000031087
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FUT5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fucosyltransferase V
  A FUT5
  A fucosyltransferase 5
  A alpha-(1,3)-fucosyltransferase FUT5
  A Fuc-TV
  A FucT-V
obo:PR_000032556
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FUT6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fucosyltransferase VI
  A FucT-VI
  A FUT6
  A Fuc-TVI
  A fucosyltransferase 6
obo:PR_000030635
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FUT7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FUT7
  A alpha-(1,3)-fucosyltransferase FUT7
  A fucosyltransferase VII
  A FucT-VII
  A selectin ligand synthase
  A fucosyltransferase 7
  A Fuc-TVII
obo:PR_000030885
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FUT9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Fuc-TIX
  A fucosyltransferase 9
  A fucosyltransferase IX
  A FUT9
  A FucT-IX
obo:PR_000007707
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FUT8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha1-6FucT
  A GDP-L-Fuc:N-acetyl-beta-D-glucosaminide alpha1,6-fucosyltransferase
  A fucosyltransferase 8
  A FUT8
  A glycoprotein 6-alpha-L-fucosyltransferase
  A GDP-fucose--glycoprotein fucosyltransferase
obo:PR_000003947
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALG9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A disrupted in bipolar disorder protein 1
  A asparagine-linked glycosylation protein 9 homolog
  A ALG9
  A disrupted in bipolar disorder protein 1 homolog
obo:PR_000003515
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse A3galt2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A A3galt2
  A iGb3 synthase
  A isogloboInOwltriaosylceramide synthase
  A iGb3S
obo:PR_000010378
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MGAT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GlcNAc-T I
  A N-glycosyl-oligosaccharide-glycoprotein N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase I
  A GNT-I
  A MGAT1
obo:PR_000010381
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MGAT4A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GlcNAc-T IVa
  A MGAT4A
  A N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase IVa
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine: alpha-1,3-D-mannoside beta-1,4-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase IVa
  A N-glycosyl-oligosaccharide-glycoprotein N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase IVa
  A GnT-IVa
obo:PR_000010382
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MGAT4B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GnT-IVb
  A GlcNAc-T IVb
  A N-glycosyl-oligosaccharide-glycoprotein N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase IVb
  A MGAT4B
  A N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase IVb
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine: alpha-1,3-D-mannoside beta-1,4-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase IVb
obo:PR_000010383
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MGAT4C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A UDP-N-acetylglucosamine: alpha-1,3-D-mannoside beta-1,4-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase IVc
  A GnT-IVc
  A N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase IV homolog
  A GlcNAc-T IVc
  A N-glycosyl-oligosaccharide-glycoprotein N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase IVc
  A MGAT4C
  A N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase IVc
  A GnT-IV-H
obo:PR_000003943
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALG2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-1,3-mannosyltransferase ALG2
  A GDP-Man:Man(1)GlcNAc(2)-PP-dolichol mannosyltransferase
  A ALG2
  A asparagine-linked glycosylation protein 2 homolog
obo:PR_000003517
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human A4GNT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha4GnT
  A A4GNT
obo:PR_000010379
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MGAT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GNT-II
  A beta-1,2-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase II
  A GlcNAc-T II
  A MGAT2
  A N-glycosyl-oligosaccharide-glycoprotein N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase II
  A mannoside acetylglucosaminyltransferase 2
obo:PR_000010384
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MGAT5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GlcNAc-T V
  A mannoside acetylglucosaminyltransferase 5
  A N-acetylglucosaminyl-transferase V
  A GNT-V
  A alpha-mannoside beta-1,6-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase
  A MGAT5
obo:PR_000010385
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MGAT5B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GnTVb
  A GlcNAc-T Vb
  A GNT-Vb
  A alpha-mannoside beta-1,6-N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase B
  A N-acetylglucosaminyl-transferase Vb
  A MGAT5B
  A GNT-IX
  A mannoside acetylglucosaminyltransferase 5B
  A N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase IX
obo:PR_000012037
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ORM1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ORM1
  A AGP 1
  A orosomucoid-1
  A OMD 1
obo:PR_000012038
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ORM2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OMD 2
  A AGP 2
  A orosomucoid-2
  A ORM2
obo:PR_000012182
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Orm3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AGP 3
  A Orm3
  A OMD 3
  A orosomucoid-3
obo:PR_000015929
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Serpina1c gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A serine protease inhibitor 1-3
  A alpha-1 protease inhibitor 3
  A serpin A1c
  A serine protease inhibitor A1c
  A Serpina1c
obo:PR_000015930
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Serpina1d gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A serine protease inhibitor A1d
  A serine protease inhibitor 1-4
  A serpin A1d
  A alpha-1 protease inhibitor 4
  A Serpina1d
obo:PR_000015931
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Serpina1e gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Serpina1e
  A serine protease inhibitor A1e
  A serine protease inhibitor 1-5
  A serpin A1e
  A alpha-1 protease inhibitor 5
obo:PR_000015932
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Serpina1f gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A serine protease inhibitor 1-6
  A serpin A1f
  A serine protease inhibitor A1f
  A Serpina1f
  A alpha-1 protease inhibitor 6
obo:PR_000015350
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SNTA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A syntrophin-1
  A 59 kDa dystrophin-associated protein A1 acidic component 1
  A TACIP1
  A pro-TGF-alpha cytoplasmic domain-interacting protein 1
  A SNTA1
obo:PR_000003511
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human A1BG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A A1BG
  A alpha-1-B glycoprotein
obo:PR_000015696
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ST8SIA2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SIAT8-B
  A ST8SIA2
  A STX
  A sialyltransferase X
  A ST8SiaII
  A polysialic acid synthase
  A sialytransferase St8Sia II
  A sialyltransferase 8B
obo:PR_000015699
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ST8SIA5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sialytransferase St8Sia V
  A ST8SIA5
  A ST8SiaV
  A SIAT8-E
  A sialyltransferase 8E
obo:PR_000015700
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ST8SIA6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sialyltransferase 8F
  A ST8SiaVI
  A sialytransferase St8Sia VI
  A SIAT8-F
  A ST8SIA6
obo:PR_000003862
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AHSG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A fetuin-A
  A alpha-2-Z-globulin
  A Ba-alpha-2-glycoprotein
  A countertrypin
  A AHSG
obo:PR_000024845
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human A2M gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A A2M
  A C3 and PZP-like alpha-2-macroglobulin domain-containing protein 5
  A alpha-2-M
obo:PR_000009929
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human LRPAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein-associated protein 1
  A alpha-2-MRAP
  A LRPAP1
  A heparin-binding protein 44
  A HBP-44
  A RAP
obo:PR_000003513
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human A2ML1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A A2ML1
  A C3 and PZP-like alpha-2-macroglobulin domain-containing protein 9
obo:PR_000003688
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTN1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTN1
  A non-muscle alpha-actinin-1
  A alpha-actinin cytoskeletal isoform
obo:PR_000003689
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTN2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTN2
  A alpha-actinin skeletal muscle isoform 2
obo:PR_000003690
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTN3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACTN3
  A alpha-actinin skeletal muscle isoform 3
obo:PR_000003691
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTN4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A non-muscle alpha-actinin 4
  A ACTN4
obo:PR_000003763
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADD1
  A erythrocyte adducin subunit alpha
obo:PR_000003931
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALDH7A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aldehyde dehydrogenase family 7 member A1
  A ALDH7A1
  A antiquitin-1
  A delta1-piperideine-6-carboxylate dehydrogenease
  A alpha-AASA dehydrogenase
  A P6c dehydrogenase
obo:PR_000003532
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AASS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AASS
  A LKR/SDH
obo:PR_000037015
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMY1A, AMY1B or AMY1C genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
  A salivary alpha-amylase
  A AMY1
obo:PR_000004008
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMY2A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 1,4-alpha-D-glucan glucanohydrolase 2A
  A AMY2A
obo:PR_000004009
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMY2B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A carcinoid alpha-amylase
  A 1,4-alpha-D-glucan glucanohydrolase 2B
  A AMY2B
obo:PR_000050040
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CTNNA1, CTNNA2, or CTNNA3 genes, or 1:1 orthologs thereof."
  A fam:CTNNA
obo:PR_000006009
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CTNNAL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACRP
  A catenin alpha-like protein 1
  A CTNNAL1
obo:PR_000003693
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACTR1A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A centrosome-associated actin homolog
  A ACTR1A
  A actin-RPV
  A centractin
  A ARP1
obo:PR_000005907
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CRYAA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A heat shock protein beta-4
  A CRYAA
  A hspB4
obo:PR_000005908
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CRYAB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hspB5
  A renal carcinoma antigen NY-REN-27
  A P23
  A heat shock protein beta-5
  A rosenthal fiber component
  A CRYAB
  A alpha(B)-crystallin
obo:PR_000034942
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yihX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-D-glucose-1-P phosphatase
  A yihX
obo:PR_000023536
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 phnJ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phnJ
obo:PR_000033243
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 phnM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phnM
obo:PR_000035055
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 phnG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phnG
obo:PR_000023534
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 phnH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phnH
obo:PR_000023535
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 phnI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phnI
obo:PR_000023537
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 phnL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phnL
obo:PR_000034317
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Defa1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A defensin-related cryptdin peptide
  A Defa1
obo:PR_000032958
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Defa3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Defa3
  A defensin-related cryptdin-3
obo:PR_000034740
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Defa4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Defa4
  A defensin-related cryptdin-4
obo:PR_000033973
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Defa5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A defensin-related cryptdin-5
  A Defa5
obo:PR_000025015
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Defa6 or Defa12 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof."
  A Defa6/12
  A defensin-related cryptdin-6/12
obo:PR_000007092
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ENSA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ENSA
  A ARPP-19e
obo:PR_000007080
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ENO1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MPB-1
  A NNE
  A non-neural enolase
  A plasminogen-binding protein
  A phosphopyruvate hydratase
  A enolase 1
  A ENO1
obo:PR_000003809
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AFP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-1-fetoprotein
  A alpha-fetoglobulin
  A AFP
obo:PR_000023197
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 melA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A melibiase
  A melA
obo:PR_000008015
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GLA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-D-galactoside galactohydrolase
  A alpha-D-galactosidase A
  A agalsidase
  A GLA
obo:PR_000029786
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TFCP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SAA3 enhancer factor
  A transcription factor LSF
  A TFCP2
obo:PR_000003863
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AHSP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A erythroid differentiation-related factor
  A AHSP
  A erythroid-associated factor
obo:PR_000029150
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus NCTC 8325 hly gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-HL
  A hly
  A alpha toxin
obo:PR_000009026
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human INA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-Inx
  A 66 kDa neurofilament protein
  A NF-66
  A neurofilament-66
  A INA
  A neurofilament 5
obo:PR_000023065
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 kgtP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A kgtP
obo:PR_000022078
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 alkB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alkylated DNA repair protein alkB
  A alkB
obo:PR_000003950
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALKBH3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALKBH3
  A alkylated DNA repair protein alkB homolog 3
  A prostate cancer antigen 1
  A DEPC-1
obo:PR_000003951
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALKBH4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALKBH4
  A alkylated DNA repair protein alkB 4
obo:PR_000003953
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALKBH6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALKBH6
  A alkylated DNA repair protein alkB 6
obo:PR_000003954
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALKBH7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A spermatogenesis cell proliferation-related protein
  A alkylated DNA repair protein alkB 7
  A ALKBH7
  A spermatogenesis-associated protein 11
obo:PR_000007694
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FTO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein fatso
  A FTO
  A fat mass and obesity-associated protein
  A protein fto
obo:PR_000024036
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 tauD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2-aminoethanesulfonate dioxygenase
  A sulfate starvation-induced protein 3
  A tauD
  A SSI3
obo:PR_000008895
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human IDUA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A IDUA
obo:PR_000009649
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human LALBA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A lysozyme-like protein 7
  A LALBA
  A lactose synthase B protein
obo:PR_000001088
  D "A protein that is a constituent neurotoxin of (for example) black widow spider venom, and contains multiple ankyrin repeats (20-22)."
  A alpha-LTX
obo:PR_000010105
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MAN2A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Man II
  A mannosyl-oligosaccharide 1,3-1,6-alpha-mannosidase
  A mannosidase alpha class 2A member 1
  A MAN2A1
  A AMan II
  A Golgi alpha-mannosidase II
obo:PR_000010109
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MAN2C1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-D-mannoside mannohydrolase
  A mannosidase alpha class 2C member 1
  A alpha mannosidase 6A8B
  A MAN2C1
obo:PR_000010106
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MAN2A2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MAN2A2
  A Man IIx
  A alpha-mannosidase IIx
  A mannosidase alpha class 2A member 2
obo:PR_000003984
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMACR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 2-methylacyl-CoA racemase
  A AMACR
obo:PR_000015690
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ST6GALNAC4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NeuAc-alpha-2,3-Gal-beta-1,3-GalNAc-alpha-2,6-sialyltransferase
  A sialyltransferase 3C
  A ST6GALNAC4
  A ST6GalNAc IV
  A SIAT7-D
  A sialyltransferase 7D
  A SIAT3-C
  A ST6GalNAcIV
obo:PR_000010959
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NAGA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-galactosidase B
  A NAGA
obo:PR_000015687
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ST6GALNAC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SIAT7-A
  A ST6GALNAC1
  A ST6GalNAcI
  A ST6GalNAc I
  A GalNAc alpha-2,6-sialyltransferase I
  A sialyltransferase 7A
obo:PR_000015688
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ST6GALNAC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ST6GalNAc II
  A GalNAc alpha-2,6-sialyltransferase II
  A sialyltransferase 7B
  A ST6GalNAcII
  A ST6GALNAC2
  A SIAT7-B
  A SThM
  A gal-beta-1,3-GalNAc alpha-2,6-sialyltransferase
obo:PR_000015689
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ST6GALNAC3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A STY
  A SIAT7-C
  A ST6GalNAcIII
  A GalNAc alpha-2,6-sialyltransferase III
  A ST6GALNAC3
  A ST6GalNAc III
  A sialyltransferase 7C
obo:PR_000015691
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ST6GALNAC5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SIAT7-E
  A ST6GALNAC5
  A sialyltransferase 7E
  A GD1 alpha synthase
  A GalNAc alpha-2,6-sialyltransferase V
  A ST6GalNAc V
  A ST6GalNAcV
obo:PR_000015692
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ST6GALNAC6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ST6GalNAcVI
  A ST6GalNAc VI
  A SIAT7-F
  A sialyltransferase 7F
  A GalNAc alpha-2,6-sialyltransferase VI
  A ST6GALNAC6
obo:PR_000010962
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NAGLU gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NAGLU
  A NAG
  A N-acetyl-alpha-glucosaminidase
obo:PR_000015695
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ST8SIA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SIAT8-A
  A sialyltransferase 8A
  A alpha-2,8-sialyltransferase 8A
  A ganglioside GD3 synthase
  A sialytransferase St8Sia I
  A ST8SiaI
  A ST8SIA1
  A ganglioside GT3 synthase
obo:PR_000012303
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PARVA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PARVA
  A actopaxin
  A CH-ILKBP
  A calponin-like integrin-linked kinase-binding protein
  A matrix-remodeling-associated protein 2
obo:PR_000003965
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALPK1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A lymphocyte alpha-protein kinase
  A chromosome 4 kinase
  A ALPK1
obo:PR_000003966
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALPK2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALPK2
  A heart alpha-protein kinase
obo:PR_000003967
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALPK3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A muscle alpha-protein kinase
  A ALPK3
  A midori
  A myocytic induction/differentiation originator
obo:PR_000005940
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CSN1S1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CSN1S1
  A alpha-casein
obo:PR_000028635
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the cow CSN1S2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CSN1S2
obo:PR_000006204
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Csn1s2a gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A casein alpha S2-like A
  A gamma-casein
  A PP22
  A Csn1s2a
obo:PR_000006205
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Csn1s2b gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A epsilon-casein
  A Csn1s2b
  A casein alpha S2-like B
obo:PR_000014781
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SGCA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adhalin
  A 50 kDa dystrophin-associated glycoprotein
  A 50DAG
  A alpha-SG
  A SGCA
  A dystroglycan-2
obo:PR_000010981
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NAPA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NAPA
  A N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive factor attachment protein alpha
  A SNAP-alpha
obo:PR_000015322
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SNCA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A non-A4 component of amyloid precursor
  A NACP
  A non-A beta component of AD amyloid
  A SNCA
obo:PR_000001321
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TXLNA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TXLNA
obo:PR_000016222
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TECTA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TECTA
obo:PR_000016799
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TTPA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-TTP
  A TTPA
obo:PR_000016800
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TTPAL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TTPAL
obo:PR_000032034
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATAT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A alpha-TAT
  A acetyltransferase mec-17 homolog
  A ATAT1
obo:PR_000033193
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yicI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yicI
obo:PR_000031582
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABHD17A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A abhydrolase domain-containing protein FAM108A1
  A ABHD17A
obo:PR_000032514
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABHD17B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABHD17B
  A abhydrolase domain-containing protein FAM108B1
obo:PR_000032410
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABHD17C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A abhydrolase domain-containing protein FAM108C1
  A ABHD17C
obo:PR_000003972
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALS2CL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALS2CL
obo:PR_000003971
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 2 protein
  A amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 2 chromosomal region candidate gene 6 protein
  A ALS2
  A amyotrophic lateral sclerosis 2 protein homolog
obo:PR_000003956
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALMS1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALMS1
obo:PR_000033894
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 arfA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arfA
obo:PR_000024203
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 uxaA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A uxaA
  A altronic acid hydratase
obo:PR_000024204
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 uxaB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A tagaturonate dehydrogenase
  A uxaB
  A tagaturonate reductase
obo:PR_000003978
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALX1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CART-1
  A cartilage homeoprotein 1
  A ALX1
obo:PR_000014390
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Alyref2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Refbp2
  A Alyref2
  A RNA and export factor-binding protein 2
obo:PR_000003985
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMBN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMBN
obo:PR_000003988
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMELX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A leucine-rich amelogenin peptide
  A AMELX
  A LRAP
obo:PR_000003989
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMELY gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMELY
obo:PR_000004006
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMTN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMTN
obo:PR_000013061
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PPAT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PPAT
  A ATase
  A GPATase
  A glutamine phosphoribosylpyrophosphate amidotransferase
obo:PR_000003588
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AOC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A kidney amine oxidase
  A diamine oxidase
  A AOC1
  A KAO
  A histaminase
  A amiloride-binding protein
obo:PR_000010114
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MAOA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A monoamine oxidase type A
  A MAO-A
  A MAOA
obo:PR_000010115
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MAOB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MAOB
  A MAO-B
  A monoamine oxidase type B
obo:PR_000015996
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Sult3a1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SULT-X2
  A sulfotransferase 3A1
  A ST3A1
  A Sult3a1
obo:PR_000033869
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yhdX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yhdX
obo:PR_000022126
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 argA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A argA
  A N-acetylglutamate synthase
  A AGS
obo:PR_000033109
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 eamA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A eamA
obo:PR_000003800
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AES gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A amino enhancer of split
  A gp130-associated protein GAM
  A AES
  A protein GRG
  A Grg-5
obo:PR_000034488
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rutC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rutC
obo:PR_000014547
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AIMP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AIMP1
  A multisynthetase complex auxiliary component p43
obo:PR_000009230
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AIMP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein JTV-1
  A multisynthetase complex auxiliary component p38
  A AIMP2
obo:PR_000023509
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 pepD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A pepD
  A carnosinase
  A beta-alanyl-histidine dipeptidase
  A Xaa-His dipeptidase
  A cysteinylglycinase
  A X-His dipeptidase
obo:PR_000003703
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACY1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACY1
  A N-acyl-L-amino-acid amidohydrolase
  A ACY-1
obo:PR_000034004
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 phnO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein PhnO
  A phnO
obo:PR_000022030
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 abgT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A abgT
obo:PR_000023486
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 pabC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADCL
  A pabC
  A ADC lyase
  A 4-amino-4-deoxychorismate lyase
obo:PR_000023485
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 pabB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A pabB
  A para-aminobenzoate synthase component I
  A para-aminobenzoate synthase component 1
obo:PR_000023484
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 pabA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A pabA
  A para-aminobenzoate synthase glutamine amidotransferase component II
obo:PR_000034666
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 acrD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acriflavine resistance protein D
  A acrD
obo:PR_000029092
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HYKK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HYKK
obo:PR_000023991
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ssnA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ssnA
obo:PR_000022766
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 gcvT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A glycine cleavage system T protein
  A gcvT
obo:PR_000004005
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMT
  A GCVT
obo:PR_000014147
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RNPEP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RNPEP
  A arginine aminopeptidase
  A cytosol aminopeptidase IV
  A AP-B
  A arginyl aminopeptidase
obo:PR_000034420
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 frvX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A frvX
obo:PR_000030668
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NPEPL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aminopeptidase-like 1
  A NPEPL1
obo:PR_000011642
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AOPEP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AOPEP
  A AP-O
  A ONPEP
obo:PR_000014148
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RNPEPL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RNPEPL1
  A arginyl aminopeptidase-like 1
  A RNPEP-like 1
obo:PR_000034701
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 sgcX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sgcX
obo:PR_000034588
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ypdE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ypdE
obo:PR_000033510
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ypdF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ypdF
obo:PR_000003994
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMMECR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMMECR1
obo:PR_000003995
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMMECR1L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMMECR1L
obo:PR_000022100
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 amtB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ammonia transporter
  A amtB
obo:PR_000004001
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMPD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMP deaminase isoform M
  A AMPD1
  A myoadenylate deaminase
obo:PR_000004002
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMPD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMPD2
  A AMP deaminase isoform L
obo:PR_000004003
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMPD3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A erythrocyte AMP deaminase
  A heart-type AMPD
  A AMP deaminase H-type
  A AMPD3
  A AMP deaminase isoform E
obo:PR_000022094
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 amn gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A amn
obo:PR_000004004
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMPH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMPH
obo:PR_000004200
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AREG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SDGF
  A schwannoma-derived growth factor
  A CRDGF
  A AREG
  A colorectum cell-derived growth factor
obo:PR_000003991
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMIGO1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMIGO1
  A AMIGO-1
  A alivin-2
obo:PR_000003992
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMIGO2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMIGO2
  A AMIGO-2
  A DEGA
  A alivin-1
  A differentially expressed in gastric adenocarcinomas
obo:PR_000003993
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMIGO3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMIGO3
  A AMIGO-3
  A alivin-3
obo:PR_000015712
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human STAMBPL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A STAMBPL1
  A AMSH-LP
  A AMSH-FP
  A STAM-binding protein-like 1
  A AMSH family protein
obo:PR_000004119
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APBB1IP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A proline-rich EVH1 ligand 1
  A RIAM
  A retinoic acid-responsive proline-rich protein 1
  A Rap1-GTP-interacting adapter molecule
  A proline-rich protein 48
  A RARP-1
  A APBB1IP
  A PREL-1
  A APBB1-interacting protein 1
  A proline-rich protein 73
obo:PR_000004169
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APPBP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein interacting with APP tail 1
  A APP-BP2
  A amyloid beta precursor protein-binding protein 2
  A APPBP2
obo:PR_000004115
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APBA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APBA1
  A amyloid beta A4 precursor protein-binding family A member 1
  A Mint-1
  A neuron-specific X11 protein
  A adapter protein X11alpha
  A neuronal Munc18-1-interacting protein 1
obo:PR_000004116
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APBA2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A neuronal Munc18-1-interacting protein 2
  A Mint-2
  A APBA2
  A amyloid beta A4 precursor protein-binding family A member 2
  A adapter protein X11beta
  A neuron-specific X11L protein
obo:PR_000004117
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APBA3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A neuron-specific X11L2 protein
  A Mint-3
  A adapter protein X11gamma
  A neuronal Munc18-1-interacting protein 3
  A APBA3
obo:PR_000004118
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APBB1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein Fe65
  A APBB1
  A amyloid beta A4 precursor protein-binding family B member 1
obo:PR_000004120
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APBB2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A amyloid beta A4 precursor protein-binding family B member 2
  A protein Fe65-like 1
  A APBB2
obo:PR_000004121
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APBB3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A amyloid beta A4 precursor protein-binding family B member 3
  A APBB3
  A Fe65L2
  A protein Fe65-like 2
obo:PR_000004168
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APPI
  A amyloid-beta A4 protein
  A amyloidogenic glycoprotein
  A ABPP
  A PN-II
  A AG
  A APP
  A protease nexin-II
  A CVAP
  A PreA4
  A alzheimer disease amyloid protein
  A alzheimer disease amyloid A4 protein homolog
  A amyloid beta A4 protein
  A cerebral vascular amyloid peptide
obo:PR_000050011
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APLP1 or APLP2 genes, or 1:1 orthologs thereof."
  A fam:APLP
obo:PR_000003974
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALS2CR12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALS2CR12
obo:PR_000017620
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ZFAND1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ZFAND1
obo:PR_000017621
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ZFAND2A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ZFAND2A
  A arsenite-inducible RNA-associated protein
obo:PR_000017622
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ZFAND2B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ZFAND2B
obo:PR_000017623
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ZFAND3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ZFAND3
  A testis-expressed sequence 27
obo:PR_000032388
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ZFAND4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AN1-type zinc finger and ubiquitin domain-containing protein-like 1
  A ZFAND4
obo:PR_000017624
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ZFAND5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ZFAND5
  A zinc finger protein 216
  A zinc finger A20 domain-containing protein 2
obo:PR_000017625
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ZFAND6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ZFAND6
  A associated with PRK1 protein
  A zinc finger A20 domain-containing protein 3
obo:PR_000022412
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dcuA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dcuA
obo:PR_000022413
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dcuB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dcuB
obo:PR_000022414
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dcuC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dcuC
obo:PR_000022455
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dmsA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dmsA
obo:PR_000022456
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dmsB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dmsB
  A DMSO reductase iron-sulfur subunit
obo:PR_000022457
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dmsC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dmsC
  A DMSO reductase anchor subunit
obo:PR_000033841
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ynfG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DMSO reductase iron-sulfur subunit ynfG
  A ynfG
obo:PR_000033111
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ynfH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ynfH
  A DMSO reductase anchor subunit YnfH
obo:PR_000022792
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 glpA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A glpA
obo:PR_000022793
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 glpB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A anaerobic G-3-P dehydrogenase subunit B
  A glpB
  A anaerobic G3Pdhase B
obo:PR_000022794
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 glpC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A glpC
obo:PR_000023399
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 norV gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FlavoRb
  A FlRd
  A norV
obo:PR_000023398
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 norR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A norR
obo:PR_000023404
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 nrdD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A nrdD
obo:PR_000023407
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 nrdG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A nrdG
  A class III anaerobic ribonucleotide reductase small component
obo:PR_000034141
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 aslB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aslB
obo:PR_000033629
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ydeM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ydeM
obo:PR_000005489
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CIAPIN1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CIAPIN1
  A cytokine-induced apoptosis inhibitor 1
obo:PR_000027517
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h- ase1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Ase1p
  A ase1
obo:PR_000004012
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANAPC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cyclosome subunit 1
  A mitotic checkpoint regulator
  A ANAPC1
  A APC1
  A testis-specific gene 24 protein
obo:PR_000004013
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANAPC10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANAPC10
  A cyclosome subunit 10
  A APC10
obo:PR_000004015
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANAPC13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APC13
  A cylosome subunit 13
  A ANAPC13
obo:PR_000031606
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANAPC15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANAPC15
  A APC15
obo:PR_000031917
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANAPC16 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANAPC16
  A cyclosome subunit 16
  A APC16
obo:PR_000004016
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANAPC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANAPC2
  A cyclosome subunit 2
obo:PR_000004017
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANAPC4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANAPC4
  A APC4
  A cyclosome subunit 4
obo:PR_000004018
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANAPC5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APC5
  A ANAPC5
  A cyclosome subunit 5
obo:PR_000004019
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANAPC7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A prediabetic NOD sera-reactive autoantigen
  A APC7
  A ANAPC7
  A cyclosome subunit 7
obo:PR_000005194
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CDC26 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cell division cycle protein 26 homolog
  A CDC26
obo:PR_000004514
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AUP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AUP1
obo:PR_000004191
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dihydrotestosterone receptor
  A nuclear receptor subfamily 3 group C member 4
  A AR
obo:PR_000004537
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Abpd gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A lacrimal androgen-binding protein delta
  A Abpd
  A allergen dI chain C2C
obo:PR_000004538
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Abpe gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Abpe
  A lacrimal androgen-binding protein epsilon
obo:PR_000004539
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Abpz gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A allergen dI chain C2B
  A lacrimal androgen-binding protein zeta
  A Abpz
obo:PR_000032549
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADTRP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADTRP
obo:PR_000003871
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AIG1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AIG-1
  A androgen-induced protein 1
  A AIG1
obo:PR_000031231
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADGB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A calpain-7-like protein
  A ADGB
obo:PR_000003527
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AAMP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AAMP
obo:PR_000003830
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGGF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A vasculogenesis gene on 5q protein
  A G patch domain-containing protein 7
  A angiogenic factor VG5Q
  A AGGF1
obo:PR_000004020
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ribonuclease 5
  A RNase 5
  A ANG
  A angiogenin-1
obo:PR_000004571
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Ang2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Ang2
  A angiogenin-related protein
obo:PR_000004572
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Ang3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Ang3
  A EF-5
  A angiogenin-related protein 2
obo:PR_000033303
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Ang4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Ang4
obo:PR_000003998
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMOT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMOT
obo:PR_000003999
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMOTL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMOTL1
obo:PR_000004000
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMOTL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A LCCP
  A leman coiled-coil protein
  A AMOTL2
obo:PR_000004023
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANGPT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANG-1
  A ANGPT1
obo:PR_000004024
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANGPT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANGPT2
  A ANG-2
obo:PR_000004025
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANGPT4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANG-4
  A ANGPT4
obo:PR_000004026
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANGPTL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A angiopoietin-like protein 1
  A ANGPTL1
obo:PR_000004027
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANGPTL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANGPTL2
  A angiopoietin-like protein 2
obo:PR_000004028
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANGPTL3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A angiopoietin-5
  A ANG-5
  A ANGPTL3
  A angiopoietin-like protein 3
obo:PR_000004029
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANGPTL4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANGPTL4
  A angiopoietin-like protein 4
  A fasting-induced adipose factor
  A hepatic fibrinogen/angiopoietin-related protein
  A HFARP
  A secreted protein Bk89
  A 425O18-1
obo:PR_000004030
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANGPTL5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANGPTL5
  A angiopoietin-like protein 5
obo:PR_000004031
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANGPTL6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A angiopoietin-like protein 6
  A ANGPTL6
  A angiopoietin-related growth factor
obo:PR_000004032
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANGPTL7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A angiopoietin-like factor
  A angiopoietin-like protein 7
  A ANGPTL7
  A cornea-derived transcript 6 protein
obo:PR_000001322
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CD143
  A angiotensin-converting enzyme, somatic isoform
  A ACE
  A kininase II
  A dipeptidyl carboxypeptidase I
obo:PR_000003622
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACE2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ACE-related carboxypeptidase
  A ACEH
  A ACE2
  A metalloprotease MPROT15
  A angiotensin-converting enzyme homolog
obo:PR_000022102
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 anmK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AnhMurNAc kinase
  A anmK
obo:PR_000004054
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANLN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A actin-binding protein anillin
  A ANLN
obo:PR_000015042
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SLC26A7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SLC26A7
  A solute carrier family 26 member 7
obo:PR_000013693
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RAI14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RAI14
  A ankyrin repeat and coiled-coil structure-containing protein
  A novel retinal pigment epithelial cell protein
  A retinoic acid-induced protein 14
obo:PR_000031363
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKAR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKAR
obo:PR_000003592
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABTB1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABTB1
  A elongation factor 1A-binding protein
obo:PR_000003593
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABTB2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABTB2
obo:PR_000031621
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BTBD11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BTBD11
  A BTB/POZ domain-containing protein 11
obo:PR_000031332
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKDD1A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKDD1A
obo:PR_000034403
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Ankdd1b gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Ankdd1b
obo:PR_000029272
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKEF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKEF1
  A ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein 5
obo:PR_000032727
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKFN1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKFN1
obo:PR_000004038
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKIB1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKIB1
obo:PR_000004037
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKHD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A multiple ankyrin repeats single KH domain
  A ANKHD1
  A HIV-1 Vpr-binding ankyrin repeat protein
obo:PR_000032643
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKLE1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKLE1
  A ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein 41
  A LEM-domain containing protein 3
obo:PR_000031037
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKLE2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKLE2
  A LEM domain-containing protein 4
obo:PR_000030610
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKMY1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A zinc finger MYND domain-containing protein 13
  A testis-specific ankyrin-like protein 1
  A ANKMY1
obo:PR_000031287
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKMY2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKMY2
obo:PR_000029094
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKK1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SgK288
  A ANKK1
  A X-kinase
  A sugen kinase 288
  A protein kinase PKK2
obo:PR_000004051
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKS1A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKS1A
  A Odin
obo:PR_000031483
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKS3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKS3
obo:PR_000030567
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKS4B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Harp
  A ANKS4B
  A harmonin-interacting ankyrin repeat-containing protein
obo:PR_000004053
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKS6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SAM domain-containing protein 6
  A SamCystin
  A ANKS6
  A sterile alpha motif domain-containing protein 6
  A ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein 14
obo:PR_000004341
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB1
  A ASB-1
obo:PR_000004342
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB10
  A ASB-10
obo:PR_000004343
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB-11
  A ASB11
obo:PR_000004344
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB-12
  A ASB12
obo:PR_000004345
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB-13
  A ASB13
obo:PR_000004346
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ankyrin repeat and SOCS box-containing protein 14
  A ASB14
  A ASB-14
obo:PR_000004347
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB-15
  A ASB15
obo:PR_000004348
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB16 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB16
  A ASB-16
obo:PR_000004349
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB17 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB17
  A ASB-17
obo:PR_000004350
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB18 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB18
  A ASB-18
  A ankyrin repeat and SOCS box-containing protein 18
obo:PR_000004351
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB-2
  A ASB2
obo:PR_000004352
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB-3
  A ASB3
obo:PR_000004353
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB4
  A ASB-4
obo:PR_000004354
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB-5
  A ASB5
obo:PR_000004355
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB6
  A ASB-6
obo:PR_000004356
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB7
  A ASB-7
obo:PR_000004357
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB-8
  A ASB8
obo:PR_000004358
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASB9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASB9
  A ASB-9
obo:PR_000004052
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKS1B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A amyloid-beta protein intracellular domain-associated protein 1
  A ANKS1B
  A E2A-PBX1-associated protein
  A EB-1
  A AIDA-1
obo:PR_000029273
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKZF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A zinc finger protein 744
  A ANKZF1
obo:PR_000004040
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD1
  A C-193
  A cardiac ankyrin repeat protein
  A cytokine-inducible nuclear protein
obo:PR_000030356
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD10
obo:PR_000004041
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD11
  A ankyrin repeat-containing cofactor 1
obo:PR_000004042
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GAC-1 protein
  A ankyrin repeat-containing cofactor 2
  A ANKRD12
obo:PR_000031396
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD13A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD13A
  A protein KE03
obo:PR_000030674
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD13B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD13B
obo:PR_000032323
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD13C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD13C
obo:PR_000029269
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD13D gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD13D
obo:PR_000032202
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD16 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD16
obo:PR_000004043
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD17 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD17
  A serologically defined breast cancer antigen NY-BR-16
  A ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein FOE
  A gene trap ankyrin repeat protein
obo:PR_000032147
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD18A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD18A
obo:PR_000031989
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD18B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD18B
obo:PR_000004044
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Arpp
  A skeletal muscle ankyrin repeat protein
  A ANKRD2
obo:PR_000031827
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD20A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD20A1
obo:PR_000030738
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD20A2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD20A2
obo:PR_000031690
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD20A4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD20A4
obo:PR_000030645
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD20A8P gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD20A8P
  A ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein 20A pseudogene
obo:PR_000030680
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD22 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD22
obo:PR_000004045
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD23 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A muscle ankyrin repeat protein 3
  A ANKRD23
  A diabetes-related ankyrin repeat protein
obo:PR_000030955
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD24 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD24
obo:PR_000032570
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD26 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD26
obo:PR_000004046
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD27 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A VPS9 domain-containing protein
  A ANKRD27
  A VPS9-ankyrin-repeat protein
obo:PR_000032647
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD29 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD29
obo:PR_000029270
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD30A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD30A
  A serologically defined breast cancer antigen NY-BR-1
obo:PR_000031443
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD30B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A serologically defined breast cancer antigen NY-BR-1.1
  A ANKRD30B
obo:PR_000032243
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD30BL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD30BL
obo:PR_000031456
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD33B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD33B
obo:PR_000031930
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD34A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD34A
obo:PR_000031597
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD34B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD34B
obo:PR_000031507
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD34C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD34C
obo:PR_000031773
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD35 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD35
obo:PR_000032811
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD36 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD36
obo:PR_000029271
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD36B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD36B
  A CLL-associated antigen KW-1
obo:PR_000031324
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD36C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein immuno-reactive with anti-PTH polyclonal antibodies
  A ANKRD36C
obo:PR_000031908
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD37 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A low-density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 2-binding protein
  A ANKRD37
obo:PR_000029276
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD39 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD39
obo:PR_000031105
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD40 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD40
obo:PR_000030934
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD42 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD42
obo:PR_000031737
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD45 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD45
obo:PR_000031035
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD46 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANK-S
  A ankyrin repeat small protein
  A ANKRD46
obo:PR_000032634
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD49 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD49
  A fetal globin-inducing factor
obo:PR_000031826
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD50 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD50
obo:PR_000032316
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD53 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD53
obo:PR_000029095
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD54 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD54
  A Lyn-interacting ankyrin repeat protein
obo:PR_000031759
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD55 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD55
obo:PR_000004050
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD6
  A diversin
obo:PR_000031206
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD60 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD60
obo:PR_000032208
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD61 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD61
obo:PR_000031001
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD62 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD62
obo:PR_000031713
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD63 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD63
obo:PR_000032337
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD65 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD65
obo:PR_000032158
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD7
  A testis-specific protein TSA806
obo:PR_000032062
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRD9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANKRD9
obo:PR_000031624
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SOWAHA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein sosondowah homolog A
  A ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein 43
  A SOWAHA
obo:PR_000029773
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SOWAHB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein 56
  A protein sosondowah homolog B
  A SOWAHB
obo:PR_000030273
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SOWAHC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SOWAHC
  A ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein 57
  A protein sosondowah homolog C
obo:PR_000031927
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SOWAHD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ankyrin repeat domain-containing protein 58
  A SOWAHD
  A protein sosondowah homolog D
obo:PR_000004039
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANKRA2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RFXANK-like protein 2
  A ANKRA2
obo:PR_000034302
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 arpA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arpA
  A ankyrin-like regulatory protein
obo:PR_000004391
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASZ1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ankyrin-like protein 1
  A ASZ1
  A germ cell-specific ankyrin, SAM and basic leucine zipper domain-containing protein
obo:PR_000004033
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANK1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A erythrocyte ankyrin
  A ANK1
  A ankyrin-R
  A ANK-1
obo:PR_000004034
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANK2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A non-erythroid ankyrin
  A ANK2
  A ankyrin-B
  A ANK-2
  A brain ankyrin
obo:PR_000004035
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANK3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANK-3
  A ANK3
  A ankyrin-G
obo:PR_000050012
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANXA1, ANXA2, ANXA3, ANXA4, ANXA5, ANXA6, ANXA7, ANXA8, ANXA8L1, ANXA9, ANXA10, ANXA11, or ANXA13 genes, or 1:1 orthologs thereof."
  A fam:ANXA
obo:PR_000004525
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANXA2R gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANXA2R
  A annexin II receptor
  A AXIIR
obo:PR_000004056
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANO10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANO10
  A transmembrane protein 16K
obo:PR_000004057
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANO2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANO2
  A transmembrane protein 16B
obo:PR_000004058
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANO3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANO3
  A transmembrane protein 16C
obo:PR_000004059
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANO4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANO4
  A transmembrane protein 16D
obo:PR_000004060
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANO5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A gnathodiaphyseal dysplasia 1 protein
  A gnathodiaphyseal dysplasia 1 protein homolog
  A ANO5
  A transmembrane protein 16E
obo:PR_000004061
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANO6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A transmembrane protein 16F
  A ANO6
obo:PR_000004062
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANO7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A transmembrane protein 16G
  A IPCA-5
  A new gene expressed in prostate homolog
  A ANO7
  A prostate cancer-associated protein 5
  A new gene expressed in prostate
  A D-TMPP
  A dresden transmembrane protein of the prostate
obo:PR_000004063
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANO8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A transmembrane protein 16H
  A ANO8
obo:PR_000004064
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANO9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A tumor protein p53-inducible protein 5
  A transmembrane protein 16J
  A p53-induced gene 5 protein
  A ANO9
obo:PR_000031179
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANHX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANHX
obo:PR_000009237
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANOS1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adhesion molecule-like X-linked
  A ANOS1
  A kallmann syndrome protein
obo:PR_000003843
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein Gob-4
  A secreted cement gland protein XAG-2 homolog
  A HPC8
  A AG-2
  A AGR2
obo:PR_000003844
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGR3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AG-3
  A breast cancer membrane protein 11
  A AG3
  A AGR3
obo:PR_000024121
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 trpE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A anthranilate synthase component I
  A trpE
obo:PR_000004068
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANTXR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANTXR1
  A tumor endothelial marker 8
obo:PR_000004069
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANTXR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A capillary morphogenesis gene 2 protein
  A ANTXR2
  A CMG-2
obo:PR_000004070
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ANTXRL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANTXRL
obo:PR_000023028
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 iraD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A iraD
obo:PR_000023029
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 iraM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A iraM
  A enhancing lycopene biosynthesis protein 1
obo:PR_000023030
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 iraP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A iraP
obo:PR_000034301
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ydiV gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A c-di-GMP regulator CdgR
  A ydiV
obo:PR_000000009
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMHR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A anti-Muellerian hormone type II receptor
  A MIS type II receptor
  A MISRII
  A MRII
  A AMHR2
  A AMH type II receptor
obo:PR_000023877
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rseA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sigma-E factor negative regulatory protein
  A rseA
obo:PR_000022673
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 flu gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AG43
  A flu
  A fluffing protein
obo:PR_000016051
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A histocompatibility antigen modifier 1
  A peptide transporter PSF1
  A peptide supply factor 1
  A really interesting new gene 4 protein
  A ATP-binding cassette sub-family B member 2
  A APT1
  A TAP1
  A peptide transporter involved in antigen processing 1
  A PSF-1
  A peptide transporter TAP1
obo:PR_000016052
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TAP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APT2
  A peptide transporter PSF2
  A ATP-binding cassette sub-family B member 3
  A peptide transporter involved in antigen processing 2
  A PSF-2
  A really interesting new gene 11 protein
  A peptide transporter TAP2
  A histocompatibility antigen modifier 2
  A peptide supply factor 2
  A TAP2
obo:PR_000015248
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SLPI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SLPI
  A secretory leukocyte protease inhibitor
  A seminal proteinase inhibitor
  A HUSI-1
  A protease inhibitor WAP4
  A BLPI
  A mucus proteinase inhibitor
  A ALP
  A WAP four-disulfide core domain protein 4
obo:PR_000022286
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 chpS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A pemI-like protein 2
  A chpS
obo:PR_000035356
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dinJ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dinJ
obo:PR_000035305
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hicB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hicB
obo:PR_000034794
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 higA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A higA
obo:PR_000022890
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hipB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hipB
  A HTH-type transcriptional regulator hipB
obo:PR_000022285
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 chpR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A chpR
  A protein mazE
  A pemI-like protein 1
obo:PR_000035058
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 mqsA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mqsA
obo:PR_000023966
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 sohA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A htrA suppressor protein
  A sohA
  A protein prlF
obo:PR_000023711
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 relB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A relB
obo:PR_000034548
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yfjO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yfjO
obo:PR_000033429
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yafN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yafN
obo:PR_000033290
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yafW gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yafW
obo:PR_000032859
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yefM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yefM
obo:PR_000033117
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yfjZ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yfjZ
obo:PR_000004533
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AZIN1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ornithine decarboxylase antizyme inhibitor
  A AZIN1
  A AZI
obo:PR_000032161
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AZIN2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AZIN2
  A ornithine decarboxylase-like protein
  A ODC-p
  A arginine decarboxylase
  A ODC-paralogue
  A ARGDC
  A ADC
obo:PR_000004090
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP1B1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Golgi adaptor HA1/AP1 adaptin beta subunit
  A beta-1-adaptin
  A beta-adaptin 1
  A clathrin assembly protein complex 1 beta large chain
  A AP1B1
  A adaptor protein complex AP-1 subunit beta-1
  A adapter-related protein complex 1 subunit beta-1
obo:PR_000004091
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP1G1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A gamma1-adaptin
  A gamma-adaptin
  A clathrin assembly protein complex 1 gamma-1 large chain
  A AP1G1
  A adaptor protein complex AP-1 subunit gamma-1
  A adapter-related protein complex 1 subunit gamma-1
  A Golgi adaptor HA1/AP1 adaptin subunit gamma-1
obo:PR_000004092
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP1G2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G2ad
  A gamma2-adaptin
  A AP1G2
obo:PR_000004094
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP1M1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A clathrin assembly protein complex 1 medium chain 1
  A adaptor protein complex AP-1 mu-1 subunit
  A Mu1A-adaptin
  A adaptor-related protein complex 1 mu-1 subunit
  A AP-mu chain family member mu1A
  A clathrin coat-associated protein AP47
  A clathrin coat assembly protein AP47
  A mu-adaptin 1
  A Golgi adaptor HA1/AP1 adaptin mu-1 subunit
  A AP1M1
obo:PR_000004095
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP1M2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A clathrin assembly protein complex 1 medium chain 2
  A AP1M2
  A Golgi adaptor HA1/AP1 adaptin mu-2 subunit
  A adaptor-related protein complex 1 mu-2 subunit
  A adaptor protein complex AP-1 mu-2 subunit
  A Mu1B-adaptin
  A mu-adaptin 2
  A AP-mu chain family member mu1B
obo:PR_000004096
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP1S1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HA1 19 kDa subunit
  A adapter-related protein complex 1 sigma-1A subunit
  A sigma 1a subunit of AP-1 clathrin
  A Golgi adaptor HA1/AP1 adaptin sigma-1A subunit
  A adaptor protein complex AP-1 sigma-1A subunit
  A clathrin coat assembly protein AP19
  A AP1S1
  A sigma-adaptin 1A
  A sigma1A-adaptin
  A clathrin assembly protein complex 1 sigma-1A small chain
obo:PR_000004097
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP1S2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adapter-related protein complex 1 sigma-1B subunit
  A AP1S2
  A adaptor protein complex AP-1 sigma-1B subunit
  A clathrin assembly protein complex 1 sigma-1B small chain
  A sigma 1B subunit of AP-1 clathrin
  A sigma-adaptin 1B
  A sigma1B-adaptin
  A Golgi adaptor HA1/AP1 adaptin sigma-1B subunit
obo:PR_000004098
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP1S3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AP1S3
  A sigma 1C subunit of AP-1 clathrin
  A sigma1C-adaptin
  A clathrin assembly protein complex 1 sigma-1C small chain
  A sigma-adaptin 1C
  A adaptor protein complex AP-1 sigma-1C subunit
  A adapter-related protein complex 1 sigma-1C subunit
  A Golgi adaptor HA1/AP1 adaptin sigma-1C subunit
obo:PR_000031857
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP1AR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GBAR
  A gamma-1-adaptin brefeldin A resistance protein
  A adapter-related protein complex 1-associated regulatory protein
  A AP1AR
  A 2c18
  A gamma-BAR
obo:PR_000027897
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Schizosaccharomyces pombe 972h- pap1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Caffeine resistance protein 3
  A pap1
obo:PR_000004099
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP2A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AP2A1
  A alpha-adaptin A
  A adapter-related protein complex 2 alpha-1 subunit
  A adaptor protein complex AP-2 subunit alpha-1
  A plasma membrane adaptor HA2/AP2 adaptin alpha A subunit
  A clathrin assembly protein complex 2 alpha-A large chain
  A alpha1-adaptin
  A 100 kDa coated vesicle protein A
obo:PR_000004100
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP2A2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adaptor protein complex AP-2 subunit alpha-2
  A HIP-9
  A 100 kDa coated vesicle protein C
  A AP2A2
  A huntingtin yeast partner J
  A alpha-adaptin C
  A alpha2-adaptin
  A huntingtin-interacting protein 9
  A adapter-related protein complex 2 alpha-2 subunit
  A plasma membrane adaptor HA2/AP2 adaptin alpha C subunit
  A huntingtin-interacting protein J
  A clathrin assembly protein complex 2 alpha-C large chain
obo:PR_000004101
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP2B1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A beta-2-adaptin
  A beta-adaptin
  A adaptor protein complex AP-2 subunit beta
  A clathrin assembly protein complex 2 beta large chain
  A plasma membrane adaptor HA2/AP2 adaptin beta subunit
  A AP2B1
  A AP105B
  A AP-2 complex subunit beta-1
  A adapter-related protein complex 2 beta subunit
obo:PR_000004102
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP2M1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AP-2 mu chain
  A AP-2 complex subunit mu-1
  A HA2 50 kDa subunit
  A clathrin coat-associated protein AP50
  A adaptin-mu2
  A Mu2-adaptin
  A plasma membrane adaptor AP-2 50 kDa protein
  A adaptor protein complex AP-2 subunit mu
  A AP2M1
  A adapter-related protein complex 2 mu subunit
  A clathrin assembly protein complex 2 medium chain
  A clathrin coat assembly protein AP50
obo:PR_000004103
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP2S1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sigma2-adaptin
  A clathrin coat assembly protein AP17
  A AP2S1
  A clathrin coat-associated protein AP17
  A clathrin assembly protein 2 small chain
  A adapter-related protein complex 2 sigma subunit
  A plasma membrane adaptor AP-2 17 kDa protein
  A HA2 17 kDa subunit
  A adaptor protein complex AP-2 subunit sigma
  A AP-2 complex subunit sigma-1
obo:PR_000004104
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP3B1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A beta-3A-adaptin
  A adaptor protein complex AP-3 subunit beta-1
  A adapter-related protein complex 3 subunit beta-1
  A clathrin assembly protein complex 3 beta-1 large chain
  A AP3B1
obo:PR_000004105
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP3B2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adapter-related protein complex 3 subunit beta-2
  A clathrin assembly protein complex 3 beta-2 large chain
  A adaptor protein complex AP-3 subunit beta-2
  A beta-3B-adaptin
  A AP3B2
  A neuron-specific vesicle coat protein beta-NAP
obo:PR_000004106
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP3D1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mBLVR1
  A AP3D1
  A AP-3 complex subunit delta
  A delta-adaptin
  A adapter-related protein complex 3 subunit delta-1
obo:PR_000004107
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP3M1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Mu3A-adaptin
  A AP3M1
  A mu-adaptin 3A
  A AP-3 adapter complex mu3A subunit
  A adapter-related protein complex 3 mu-1 subunit
obo:PR_000004108
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP3M2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Golgi adaptor AP-1 47 kDa protein homolog 2
  A P47B
  A clathrin coat assembly protein AP47 homolog 2
  A clathrin assembly protein assembly protein complex 1 medium chain homolog 2
  A Mu3B-adaptin
  A adapter-related protein complex 3 mu-2 subunit
  A AP3M2
  A clathrin coat-associated protein AP47 homolog 2
  A HA1 47 kDa subunit homolog 2
  A m3B
obo:PR_000004109
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP3S1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A clathrin-associated/assembly/adapter protein, small 3
  A sigma3A-adaptin
  A AP3S1
  A sigma-3A-adaptin
  A adapter-related protein complex 3 sigma-1 subunit
  A AP-3 complex sigma-3A subunit
  A sigma-adaptin 3a
obo:PR_000004110
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP3S2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sigma3B-adaptin
  A adapter-related protein complex 3 sigma-2 subunit
  A AP-3 complex sigma-3B subunit
  A AP3S2
  A sigma-3B-adaptin
obo:PR_000031784
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TEPSIN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A tetra-epsin
  A epsin for AP-4
  A TEPSIN
  A ENTH domain-containing protein 2
obo:PR_000004111
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP4B1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adapter-related protein complex 4 subunit beta-1
  A AP-4 adapter complex subunit beta
  A AP4B1
  A beta4-adaptin
  A beta subunit of AP-4
obo:PR_000004112
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP4E1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adapter-related protein complex 4 subunit epsilon-1
  A AP4E1
  A epsilon subunit of AP-4
  A epsilon-adaptin
  A AP-4 adapter complex subunit epsilon
obo:PR_000004113
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP4M1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mu-ARP2
  A mu subunit of AP-4
  A mu4
  A AP-4 adapter complex mu subunit
  A Mu4-adaptin
  A adapter-related protein complex 4 mu-1 subunit
  A AP4M1
  A mu-adaptin-related protein 2
obo:PR_000004114
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP4S1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sigma-4-adaptin
  A AP-4 adapter complex subunit sigma-1
  A adapter-related protein complex 4 subunit sigma-1
  A sigma4-adaptin
  A AP4S1
  A sigma-1 subunit of AP-4
obo:PR_000031496
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP5B1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AP5B1
  A beta5
  A adapter-related protein complex 5 beta subunit
obo:PR_000010773
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP5M1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AP5M1
  A MuD
  A MHD domain-containing death-inducing protein
  A mu-2-related death-inducing protein
  A putative HIV-1 infection-related protein
obo:PR_000032320
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP5S1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sigma5
  A AP5S1
  A adapter-related protein complex 5 sigma subunit
obo:PR_000031470
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AP5Z1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A zeta5
  A adapter-related protein complex 5 zeta subunit
  A AP5Z1
obo:PR_000003526
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AAK1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adaptor-associated kinase 1
  A AAK1
obo:PR_000004174
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APRG1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APRG1
obo:PR_000029267
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMER1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMER1
  A protein FAM123B
  A Amer1
  A Wilms tumor gene on the X chromosome protein
obo:PR_000029268
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMER2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein FAM123A
  A Amer2
  A AMER2
obo:PR_000032471
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMER3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Amer3
  A AMER3
  A protein FAM123C
obo:PR_000004135
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APLN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APJ endogenous ligand
  A APLN
obo:PR_000010097
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MAMDC4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MAM domain-containing protein 4
  A MAMDC4
obo:PR_000022293
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 citX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A apo-ACP nucleodityltransferase
  A citX
  A holo-citrate lyase synthase
obo:PR_000003512
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human A1CF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A A1CF
  A APOBEC1-stimulating protein
obo:PR_000004140
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A apolipoprotein A1
  A APOA1
  A apo-AI
  A ApoA-I
obo:PR_000004141
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NAXE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A YjeF N-terminal domain-containing protein 1
  A YjeF_N1
  A NAXE
  A AI-BP
obo:PR_000004142
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOA2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ApoA-II
  A apolipoprotein A2
  A apo-AII
  A APOA2
obo:PR_000004143
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOA4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ApoA-IV
  A APOA4
  A apo-AIV
  A apolipoprotein A4
obo:PR_000004144
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOA5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A apolipoprotein A5
  A apo-AV
  A regeneration-associated protein 3
  A APOA5
  A ApoA-V
obo:PR_000004146
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOBR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A apolipoprotein B-100 receptor
  A APOBR
  A apoB-48R
  A apolipoprotein B48 receptor
  A apolipoprotein B-48 receptor
obo:PR_000004145
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APOB
  A apo B-100
obo:PR_000004150
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A apo-CIB
  A APOC1
  A apolipoprotein C1
  A ApoC-IB
obo:PR_000004151
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ApoC-II
  A apo-CII
  A apolipoprotein C2
  A APOC2
obo:PR_000004152
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOC3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A apolipoprotein C3
  A ApoC-III
  A apo-CIII
  A APOC3
obo:PR_000004153
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOC4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APOC4
  A ApoC-IV
  A apo-CIV
  A apolipoprotein C2-linked
  A apolipoprotein C4
  A ACL
obo:PR_000004154
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A apo-D
  A ApoD
  A APOD
obo:PR_000004155
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A apo-E
  A APOE
obo:PR_000004156
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A LVIF
  A leukemia virus-inactivating factor
  A LTIP
  A APOF
  A lipid transfer inhibitor protein
  A apo-F
obo:PR_000004164
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOLD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A vascular early response gene protein
  A APOLD1
obo:PR_000004158
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ApoL
  A ApoL-I
  A apolipoprotein L-I
  A apo-L
  A APOL1
  A apolipoprotein L
obo:PR_000004159
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ApoL-II
  A APOL2
  A apolipoprotein L-II
obo:PR_000004160
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOL3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APOL3
  A TNF-inducible protein CG12-1
  A CG12_1
  A apolipoprotein L-III
  A ApoL-III
obo:PR_000004161
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOL4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APOL4
  A ApoL-IV
  A apolipoprotein L-IV
obo:PR_000004162
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOL5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ApoL-V
  A apolipoprotein L-V
  A APOL5
obo:PR_000004163
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOL6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APOL6
  A ApoL-VI
  A apolipoprotein L-VI
obo:PR_000004165
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APOM
  A protein G3a
  A ApoM
  A apo-M
obo:PR_000023102
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 lnt gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A copper homeostasis protein cutE
  A lnt
  A ALP N-acyltransferase
obo:PR_000009888
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human LPA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A LPA
  A Lp(a)
  A apo(a)
obo:PR_000009889
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human LPAL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A LPAL2
  A apolipoprotein a-related gene C protein
  A apo(a)rg-C
  A Lp(a)-liker protein 2
  A apo(a)-like protein 2
obo:PR_000031322
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APOPT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APOP-1
  A APOPT1
obo:PR_000004696
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL2L14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCL2L14
  A Bcl2-L-14
  A apoptosis regulator Bcl-G
obo:PR_000004131
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human API5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A antiapoptosis clone 11 protein
  A API5
  A FIF
  A cell migration-inducing gene 8 protein
  A API-5
  A fibroblast growth factor 2-interacting factor
  A AAC-11
  A protein XAGL
obo:PR_000002193
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. In this class the Bcl-2 domain is characterized by the presence of the BH3, BH1, and BH2 motifs."
  A Bcl-2-like protein 4
  A BAX
  A Bcl2-L-4
obo:PR_000014895
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SIVA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CD27-binding protein
  A SIVA1
  A CD27BP
obo:PR_000013514
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PYCARD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A target of methylation-induced silencing 1
  A PYD and CARD domain-containing protein
  A PYCARD
  A caspase recruitment domain-containing protein 5
obo:PR_000003799
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AEN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A interferon-stimulated 20 kDa exonuclease-like 1
  A AEN
obo:PR_000003868
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AIFM1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AIFM1
  A programmed cell death protein 8
obo:PR_000003869
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AIFM2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A apoptosis-inducing factor homologous mitochondrion-associated inducer of death
  A apoptosis-inducing factor-like mitochondrion-associated inducer of death
  A p53-responsive gene 3 protein
  A AIFM2
obo:PR_000003870
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AIFM3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AIFM3
  A apoptosis-inducing factor-like protein
obo:PR_000004172
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human FAM215A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FAM215A
  A APR-2
obo:PR_000004173
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATRAID gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATRAID
  A APR-3
obo:PR_000013110
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PPP1R13B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PPP1R13B
  A protein phosphatase 1 regulatory subunit 13B
obo:PR_000016559
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TP53BP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 53BP2
  A renal carcinoma antigen NY-REN-51
  A Bbp
  A p53BP2
  A Bcl2-binding protein
  A p53-binding protein 2
  A TP53BP2
  A tumor suppressor p53-binding protein 2
obo:PR_000003627
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACIN1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A acinus
  A ACIN1
obo:PR_000002194
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APAF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APAF-1
  A APAF1
obo:PR_000007973
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GHRL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GHRL
  A motilin-related peptide
  A growth hormone-releasing peptide
  A protein M46
  A growth hormone secretagogue
obo:PR_000004176
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APTX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FHA-HIT
  A APTX
  A forkhead-associated domain histidine triad-like protein
obo:PR_000004134
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human APLF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A apurinic-apyrimidinic endonuclease APLF
  A APLF
  A XRCC1-interacting protein 1
  A PNK and APTX-like FHA domain-containing protein
obo:PR_000022113
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 aqpZ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aqpZ
  A bacterial nodulin-like intrinsic protein
obo:PR_000004179
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AQP11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AQP11
  A AQP-11
obo:PR_000004574
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Aqp12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AQP-12
  A Aqp12
obo:PR_000004180
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AQP12A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AQP12A
obo:PR_000004181
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AQP12B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AQP12B
  A AQP-12B
obo:PR_000033658
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 gutQ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phosphosugar aldol-ketol isomerase
  A gutQ
  A API
  A G-API
obo:PR_000023057
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 kdsD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arabinose 5-phosphate isomerase
  A kdsD
obo:PR_000022120
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 araG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A araG(EG10058)
obo:PR_000022116
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 araC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A araC
obo:PR_000022118
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 araE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A araE
  A arabinose transporter
obo:PR_000003958
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALOX12B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 12R-lipoxygenase
  A e-LOX 2
  A 12R-LOX
  A epidermis-type lipoxygenase 12
  A epidermis-type lipoxygenase 2
  A ALOX12B
obo:PR_000003957
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALOX12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A platelet-type lipoxygenase 12
  A 12S-LOX
  A ALOX12
  A 12S-lipoxygenase
obo:PR_000004565
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Alox12e gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Alox12e
obo:PR_000003959
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALOX15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALOX15
  A arachidonate omega-6 lipoxygenase
  A 15-LOX
obo:PR_000003960
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALOX15B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 8S-lipoxygenase
  A 15-LOX-B
  A arachidonate 15-lipoxygenase type II
  A ALOX15B
  A 15-LOX-2
  A 15-lipoxygenase 2
  A 8S-LOX
obo:PR_000003961
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALOX5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 5-lipoxygenase
  A 5-LO
  A ALOX5
obo:PR_000003962
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ALOX5AP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A FLAP
  A ALOX5AP
  A MK-886-binding protein
obo:PR_000036196
  D "A protein that is encoded in the genome of some Archaea."
  A Archaea protein
obo:PR_000044402
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Pyrococcus abyssi GE5 pyrC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arch-pyrC
obo:PR_000004010
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMZ1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMZ1
  A archeobacterial metalloproteinase-like protein 1
obo:PR_000004011
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AMZ2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AMZ2
  A archeobacterial metalloproteinase-like protein 2
obo:PR_000007989
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GIT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A G-protein coupled receptor kinase-interactor 1
  A GIT1
  A GRK-interacting protein 1
  A ARF GAP GIT1
  A Cool-associated and tyrosine-phosphorylated protein 1
obo:PR_000007990
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GIT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GIT2
  A ARF GAP GIT2
  A Cool-interacting tyrosine-phosphorylated protein 2
  A G-protein coupled receptor kinase-interactor 2
  A GRK-interacting protein 2
obo:PR_000003829
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGFG1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HIV-1 Rev-binding protein homolog
  A HIV-1 Rev-binding protein
  A Arf-GAP domain and FG repeats-containing protein 1
  A Rev/Rex activation domain-binding protein
  A nucleoporin-like protein RIP
  A Rev-interacting protein
  A AGFG1
obo:PR_000029263
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGFG2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RAB-R
  A Rev/Rex activation domain-binding protein related
  A HIV-1 Rev-binding protein-like protein
  A AGFG2
obo:PR_000003607
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A centaurin-beta-1
  A Cnt-b1
  A ACAP1
obo:PR_000003608
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACAP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Cnt-b2
  A centaurin-beta-2
  A ACAP2
obo:PR_000003609
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACAP3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Cnt-b5
  A centaurin-beta-5
  A ACAP3
obo:PR_000003743
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A centaurin-alpha-1
  A Cnt-a1
  A ADAP1
  A putative MAPK-activating protein PM25
obo:PR_000003744
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ADAP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A centaurin-alpha-2
  A ADAP2
  A Cnt-a2
obo:PR_000003813
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Cnt-g2
  A GTP-binding and GTPase-activating protein 1
  A AGAP1
  A GGAP1
  A AGAP-1
  A centaurin-gamma-2
obo:PR_000003815
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGAP11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AGAP-11
  A AGAP11
obo:PR_000003816
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGAP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PIKE
  A centaurin-gamma-1
  A AGAP-2
  A AGAP2
  A Cnt-g1
  A phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase enhancer
  A GGAP2
  A GTP-binding and GTPase-activating protein 2
obo:PR_000003817
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGAP3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CRAM-associated GTPase
  A AGAP3
  A MR1-interacting protein
  A AGAP-3
  A CRAG
  A centaurin-gamma-3
  A MRIP-1
  A Cnt-g3
obo:PR_000003818
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGAP4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A centaurin-gamma-like family member 1
  A AGAP4
  A AGAP-4
obo:PR_000003819
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGAP5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A centaurin-gamma-like family member 2
  A AGAP5
  A AGAP-5
obo:PR_000031235
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGAP6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AGAP-6
  A centaurin-gamma-like family member 3
  A AGAP6
obo:PR_000003820
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGAP7P gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AGAP7P
  A centaurin-gamma-like family member 4
  A AGAP-7
obo:PR_000003822
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AGAP9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A centaurin-gamma-like family member 6
  A AGAP-9
  A AGAP9
obo:PR_000004193
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Arf-GAP, Rho-GAP domain, ANK repeat and PH domain-containing protein 1
  A ARAP1
  A Cnt-d2
  A centaurin-delta-2
obo:PR_000004194
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARAP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein PARX
  A Cnt-d1
  A centaurin-delta-1
  A Arf-GAP, Rho-GAP domain, ANK repeat and PH domain-containing protein 2
  A ARAP2
obo:PR_000004195
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARAP3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARAP3
  A Cnt-d3
  A Arf-GAP, Rho-GAP domain, ANK repeat and PH domain-containing protein 3
  A centaurin-delta-3
  A dual specificity Rho- and Arf-GTPase-activating protein 1
obo:PR_000004338
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 130 kDa phosphatidylinositol 4,5-biphosphate-dependent ARF1 GTPase-activating protein
  A differentiation-enhancing factor 1
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-directed GTPase-activating protein 1
  A development and differentiation-enhancing factor 1
  A ARF GTPase-activating protein 1
  A PIP2-dependent ARF1 GAP
  A DEF-1
  A ASAP1
obo:PR_000004339
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASAP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASAP2
  A paxillin-associated protein with ARF GAP activity 3
  A pyk2 C-terminus-associated protein
  A development and differentiation-enhancing factor 2
  A PAG3
obo:PR_000004340
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASAP3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASAP3
  A protein up-regulated in liver cancer 1
  A development and differentiation-enhancing factor-like 1
obo:PR_000004212
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARFIP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-interacting protein 1
  A ARFIP1
obo:PR_000004213
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARFIP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein POR1
  A ARFIP2
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-interacting protein 2
  A partner of RAC1
obo:PR_000001844
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARG1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A type I arginase
  A ARG1
  A liver-type arginase
obo:PR_000004215
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARG2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A kidney-type arginase
  A non-hepatic arginase
  A ARG2
  A type II arginase
obo:PR_000022158
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 artM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A artM
obo:PR_000022160
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 artQ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A artQ
obo:PR_000004217
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARGLU1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARGLU1
obo:PR_000022133
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 argO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A argO
obo:PR_000022175
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 astA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AOST
  A astA
obo:PR_000022134
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 argR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A argR
obo:PR_000022159
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 artP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A artP
obo:PR_000004524
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AVPI1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AVPI1
  A AVP-induced protein 1
  A arginine vasopressin-induced transcript 32 protein
  A VIT32
  A VIP32
obo:PR_000022135
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 argS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A argS
obo:PR_000013742
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RARS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arginyl-tRNA synthetase, cytoplasmic
  A RARS
obo:PR_000031350
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RARS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RARS2
  A arginyl-tRNA synthetase, mitochondrial
obo:PR_000004216
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARGFX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARGFX
obo:PR_000013890
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RERE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A atrophin-1-related protein
  A RERE
  A atrophin-2
  A atrophin-1-like protein
obo:PR_000032801
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NDUFAF5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NADH dehydrogenase [ubiquinone] 1 alpha subcomplex assembly factor 5
  A NDUFAF5
  A probable methyltransferase C20orf7, mitochondrial
obo:PR_000022059
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 adiC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A adiC
obo:PR_000033763
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ydgI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ydgI
obo:PR_000014334
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RSRC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RSRC1
obo:PR_000014335
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RSRC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RSRC2
obo:PR_000014756
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PNISR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A splicing factor, arginine/serine-rich 130
  A splicing factor, arginine/serine-rich 18
  A SR-related protein
  A SRrp130
  A PNISR
  A SR-rich protein
  A serine/arginine-rich-splicing regulatory protein 130
obo:PR_000004373
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASL
  A arginosuccinase
  A ASAL
obo:PR_000004386
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASS1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASS1
  A citrulline--aspartate ligase
obo:PR_000004396
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATE1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A R-transferase 1
  A arginine-tRNA--protein transferase 1
  A arginyltransferase 1
  A ATE1
obo:PR_000031902
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARL14EP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL14EP
  A ARF7 effector protein
obo:PR_000004333
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARVCF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARVCF
obo:PR_000029278
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARMC1
obo:PR_000004298
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMC10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARMC10
  A splicing variant involved in hepatocarcinogenesis protein
obo:PR_000031954
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMC12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARMC12
obo:PR_000029279
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARMC2
obo:PR_000032645
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMC3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cancer/testis antigen 81
  A KU-CT-1
  A ARMC3
  A CT81
  A beta-catenin-like protein
obo:PR_000030558
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMC4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARMC4
obo:PR_000029280
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMC5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARMC5
obo:PR_000029281
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMC6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARMC6
obo:PR_000029282
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMC7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARMC7
obo:PR_000030640
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMC8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARMC8
obo:PR_000032088
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMCX1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein ALEX1
  A ARMCX1
  A ARM protein lost in epithelial cancers on chromosome X 1
obo:PR_000032546
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMCX2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARMCX2
  A protein ALEX2
  A ARM protein lost in epithelial cancers on chromosome X 2
obo:PR_000029283
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMCX3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARM protein lost in epithelial cancers on chromosome X 3
  A ARMCX3
  A protein ALEX3
obo:PR_000030561
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMCX4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARMCX4
obo:PR_000031200
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARMCX5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARMCX5
obo:PR_000006100
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CYP19A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cytochrome P-450AROM
  A cytochrome P450 19A1
  A estrogen synthase
  A CYP19A1
  A CYPXIX
obo:PR_000034326
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yddG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yddG
obo:PR_000022153
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 aroP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A general aromatic amino acid permease
  A aroP
obo:PR_000024151
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 tyrB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AROAT
  A ARAT
  A tyrB
obo:PR_000006342
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DOPA decarboxylase
  A DDC
  A AADC
obo:PR_000031019
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARRDC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARRDC1
obo:PR_000032048
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARRDC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARRDC2
obo:PR_000032649
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARRDC3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARRDC3
  A TLIMP
  A TBP-2-like inducible membrane protein
obo:PR_000030226
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARRDC4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARRDC4
obo:PR_000029284
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARRDC5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARRDC5
obo:PR_000004318
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARR3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A X-arrestin
  A retinal cone arrestin-3
  A cArr
  A cone arrestin
  A ARR3
  A C-arrestin
obo:PR_000022155
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 arsC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arsenical pump modifier
  A arsC
obo:PR_000022154
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 arsB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arsenic efflux pump protein
  A arsB
obo:PR_000022156
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 arsR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arsR
obo:PR_000004335
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AS3MT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A S-adenosyl-L-methionine:arsenic(III) methyltransferase
  A methylarsonite methyltransferase
  A AS3MT
obo:PR_000004331
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARTN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A enovin
  A ARTN
  A neublastin
obo:PR_000003858
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AHR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A class E basic helix-loop-helix protein 76
  A Ah receptor
  A bHLHe76
  A AhR
  A AHR
obo:PR_000004303
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARNT gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hypoxia-inducible factor 1-beta
  A HIF1-beta
  A ARNT
  A HIF-1-beta
  A dioxin receptor, nuclear translocator
  A ARNT protein
  A bHLHe2
  A class E basic helix-loop-helix protein 2
obo:PR_000004304
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARNT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A class E basic helix-loop-helix protein 1
  A bHLHe1
  A ARNT2
  A ARNT protein 2
obo:PR_000004305
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARNTL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A brain and muscle ARNT-like 1
  A member of PAS protein 3
  A bHLH-PAS protein JAP3
  A bHLHe5
  A Arnt3
  A class E basic helix-loop-helix protein 5
  A PAS domain-containing protein 3
  A ARNTL
  A basic-helix-loop-helix-PAS protein MOP3
obo:PR_000004306
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARNTL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARNTL2
  A class E basic helix-loop-helix protein 6
  A member of PAS protein 9
  A PAS domain-containing protein 9
  A bHLHe6
  A CYCLE-like factor
  A brain and muscle ARNT-like 2
  A basic-helix-loop-helix-PAS protein MOP9
  A CLIF
obo:PR_000003859
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AHRR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AhR repressor
  A AhRR
  A class E basic helix-loop-helix protein 77
  A bHLHe77
  A AHRR
obo:PR_000003876
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AIPL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AIPL1
obo:PR_000003520
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AADAC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AADAC
obo:PR_000003522
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AADACL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AADACL2
obo:PR_000003523
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AADACL3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AADACL3
obo:PR_000003524
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AADACL4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AADACL4
obo:PR_000023382
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 nhoA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NAT102
  A arylhydroxamate N,O-acetyltransferase
  A N-hydroxyarylamine O-acetyltransferase
  A nhoA
obo:PR_000010994
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NAT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arylamide acetylase 1
  A monomorphic arylamine N-acetyltransferase
  A MNAT
  A N-acetyltransferase type 1
  A NAT1
obo:PR_000011001
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NAT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A N-acetyltransferase type 2
  A NAT2
  A polymorphic arylamine N-acetyltransferase
  A arylamide acetylase 2
  A NAT-2
  A PNAT
obo:PR_000011558
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Nat3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A arylamide acetylase 3
  A Nat3
  A N-acetyltransferase type 3
  A NAT-3
obo:PR_000004321
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARSA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cerebroside-sulfatase
  A ASA
  A ARSA
obo:PR_000004322
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARSB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARSB
  A N-acetylgalactosamine-4-sulfatase
  A ASB
  A G4S
obo:PR_000004323
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARSD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASD
  A ARSD
obo:PR_000004324
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARSE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASE
  A ARSE
obo:PR_000004325
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARSF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASF
  A ARSF
obo:PR_000004326
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARSG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASG
  A ARSG
obo:PR_000004327
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARSH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASH
  A ARSH
obo:PR_000004328
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARSI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASI
  A ARSI
obo:PR_000004329
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARSJ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASJ
  A ARSJ
obo:PR_000004330
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARSK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASK
  A telethon sulfatase
  A ARSK
obo:PR_000015195
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SLC7A10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A D-serine transporter
  A SLC7A10
  A solute carrier family 7 member 10
  A asc-1
obo:PR_000024177
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ulaC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PTS system ascorbate-specific EIIA component
  A ulaC
  A ascorbate-specific phosphotransferase enzyme IIA component
obo:PR_000024176
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ulaB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ascorbate-specific phosphotransferase enzyme IIB component
  A ulaB
obo:PR_000024175
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ulaA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ascorbate-specific permease IIC component UlaA
  A ulaA
obo:PR_000034591
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yicH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yicH
obo:PR_000004377
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASNS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASNS
  A cell cycle control protein TS11
  A glutamine-dependent asparagine synthetase
obo:PR_000022168
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 asnB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A asnB
obo:PR_000029285
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASNSD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HCV NS3-transactivated protein 1
  A ASNSD1
obo:PR_000022170
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 asnS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A asnS
obo:PR_000010992
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NARS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A NARS
  A asparaginyl-tRNA synthetase, cytoplasmic
obo:PR_000030931
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NARS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A asparaginyl-tRNA synthetase, mitochondrial
  A NARS2
obo:PR_000023490
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 panD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aspartate alpha-decarboxylase
  A panD
obo:PR_000022172
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 aspC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aspC
  A transaminase A
  A AspAT
obo:PR_000008153
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GOT1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A glutamate oxaloacetate transaminase 1
  A cAST
  A GOT1
obo:PR_000031376
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GOT1L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A glutamate oxaloacetate transaminase 1-like protein 1
  A transaminase A-like protein 1
  A GOT1L1
obo:PR_000008154
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human GOT2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GOT2
  A FABP-1
  A mAST
  A plasma membrane-associated fatty acid-binding protein
  A FABPpm
  A mAspAT
  A glutamate oxaloacetate transaminase 2
obo:PR_000022171
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 aspA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aspartase
  A aspA
obo:PR_000029287
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASPHD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASPHD1
obo:PR_000031025
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASPHD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASPHD2
obo:PR_000023657
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 pyrB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aspartate transcarbamylase
  A pyrB
  A ATCase
obo:PR_000023664
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 pyrI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A pyrI
obo:PR_000022167
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 asnA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A asnA
  A asparagine synthetase A
obo:PR_000022173
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 aspS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AspRS
  A aspS
obo:PR_000006281
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DARS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cell proliferation-inducing gene 40 protein
  A aspartyl-tRNA synthetase, cytoplasmic
  A DARS
obo:PR_000006282
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DARS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DARS2
  A aspartyl-tRNA synthetase, mitochondrial
obo:PR_000022164
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 asd gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASA dehydrogenase
  A asd
  A ASADH
obo:PR_000004378
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASPA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aminoacylase-2
  A ACY-2
  A ASPA
obo:PR_000006610
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DNPEP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DNPEP
obo:PR_000004380
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASPH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A peptide-aspartate beta-dioxygenase
  A ASPH
  A ASP beta-hydroxylase
  A aspartate beta-hydroxylase
obo:PR_000004388
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASTL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASTL
  A ovastacin
  A oocyte astacin
obo:PR_000012530
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PEA15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 15 kDa phosphoprotein enriched in astrocytes
  A PED
  A phosphoprotein enriched in diabetes
  A PEA15
obo:PR_000004389
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASTN1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A neuronal migration protein GC14
  A ASTN1
obo:PR_000004390
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASTN2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASTN2
obo:PR_000029264
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AHDC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AHDC1
obo:PR_000003899
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AKNA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AKNA
obo:PR_000003853
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AHCTF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A embryonic large molecule derived from yolk sac
  A protein MEL-28
  A putative AT-hook-containing transcription factor 1
  A AHCTF1
obo:PR_000004262
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARID1A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARID domain-containing protein 1A
  A ARID1A
  A SWI/SNF complex protein p270
  A BRG1-associated factor 250a
  A BAF250A
  A Osa homolog 1
  A BAF250
  A ELD
  A SWI/SNF-related, matrix-associated, actin-dependent regulator of chromatin subfamily F member 1
  A BRG1-associated factor 250
  A SWI-like protein
  A B120
obo:PR_000004263
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARID1B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARID domain-containing protein 1B
  A p250R
  A ARID1B
  A BRG1-associated factor 250b
  A BAF250B
  A Osa homolog 2
  A BRG1-binding protein hELD/OSA1
  A Osa2
obo:PR_000004264
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARID2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARID2
  A zinc finger protein with activation potential
  A BRG1-associated factor 200
  A ARID domain-containing protein 2
  A BAF200
  A zipzap/p200
obo:PR_000004265
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARID3A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bright
  A ARID domain-containing protein 3A
  A B-cell regulator of IgH transcription
  A E2F-binding protein 1
  A ARID3A
  A dead ringer-like protein 1
obo:PR_000004266
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARID3B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARID domain-containing protein 3B
  A bright and dead ringer protein
  A bright-like protein
  A ARID3B
obo:PR_000031191
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARID3C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARID3C
  A ARID domain-containing protein 3C
obo:PR_000004267
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARID4A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A retinoblastoma-binding protein 1
  A ARID domain-containing protein 4A
  A RBBP-1
  A ARID4A
obo:PR_000004268
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARID4B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A histone deacetylase complex subunit SAP180
  A retinoblastoma-binding protein 1-like 1
  A sin3-associated polypeptide p180
  A ARID domain-containing protein 4B
  A breast cancer-associated antigen BRCAA1
  A ARID4B
  A 180 kDa Sin3-associated polypeptide
obo:PR_000004269
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARID5A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARID5A
  A ARID domain-containing protein 5A
  A modulator recognition factor 1
obo:PR_000004270
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ARID5B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARID5B
  A MRF1-like protein
  A MRF1-like
  A ARID domain-containing protein 5B
  A modulator recognition factor protein 2
  A MRF-2
  A modulator recognition factor 2
  A developmentally and sexually retarded with transient immune abnormalities protein
obo:PR_000002973
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATXN1 or ATXN1L genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The canonical protein sequence has a core domain architecture consisting of an Ataxin-1 and HBP1 module (AXH) (Pfam:PF08517) domain towards the C-terminus."
obo:PR_000004504
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATXN10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATXN10
  A brain protein E46
  A spinocerebellar ataxia type 10 protein
  A brain protein E46 homolog
  A spinocerebellar ataxia type 10 protein homolog
obo:PR_000004505
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATXN2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A spinocerebellar ataxia type 2 protein homolog
  A ATXN2
  A trinucleotide repeat-containing gene 13 protein
  A spinocerebellar ataxia type 2 protein
obo:PR_000004506
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATXN2L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ataxin-2 domain protein
  A ataxin-2-related protein
  A ATXN2L
obo:PR_000004507
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATXN3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A spinocerebellar ataxia type 3 protein
  A machado-Joseph disease protein 1 homolog
  A machado-Joseph disease protein 1
  A ATXN3
obo:PR_000004508
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATXN7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATXN7
  A spinocerebellar ataxia type 7 protein
  A spinocerebellar ataxia type 7 protein homolog
obo:PR_000004509
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATXN7L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ataxin-7-like protein 4
  A ATXN7L1
obo:PR_000004510
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATXN7L2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATXN7L2
obo:PR_000004511
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATXN7L3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATXN7L3
  A SAGA-associated factor 11 homolog
obo:PR_000030600
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATXN7L3B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATXN7L3B
obo:PR_000004512
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATXN8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein 1C2
  A ATXN8
obo:PR_000014440
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SAMD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SAMD1
  A sterile alpha motif domain-containing protein 1
  A SAM domain-containing protein 1
obo:PR_000004424
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATL1
  A spastic paraplegia 3A homolog
  A spastic paraplegia 3 protein A
  A brain-specific GTP-binding protein
obo:PR_000004425
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARL-6-interacting protein 2
  A Aip-2
  A ADP-ribosylation factor-like protein 6-interacting protein 2
  A ATL2
obo:PR_000004426
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATL3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATL3
obo:PR_000004428
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATMIN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ASCIZ
  A ATM/ATR-substrate CHK2-interacting zinc finger protein
  A zinc finger protein 822
  A ATMIN
obo:PR_000044432
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Novosphingobium aromaticivorans DSM 12444 atm1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A atm1
obo:PR_000022896
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hisG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP-PRT
  A hisG
  A ATP-PRTase
obo:PR_000022188
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 atpC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A F-ATPase epsilon subunit
  A ATP synthase F1 sector epsilon subunit
  A atpC
obo:PR_000004458
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5PB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP synthase subunit b, mitochondrial
  A ATP5F1
  A ATP5PB
  A ATPase subunit b
obo:PR_000030667
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5MC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP5MC1
  A ATP synthase lipid-binding protein ATP5G1, mitochondrial
obo:PR_000030948
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5MC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP5MC2
  A ATP synthase proteolipid P2
  A ATP synthase lipid-binding protein ATP5G2, mitochondrial
obo:PR_000032029
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5MC3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP5MC3
  A ATP synthase lipid-binding protein ATP5G3, mitochondrial
obo:PR_000022192
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 atpG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A F-ATPase gamma subunit
  A atpG
  A ATP synthase F1 sector gamma subunit
obo:PR_000004495
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATPAF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP11 homolog
  A ATPAF1
obo:PR_000004496
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATPAF2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATPAF2
  A ATP12 homolog
obo:PR_000031096
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MT-ATP8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A F-ATPase subunit 8
  A MT-ATP8
  A A6L
obo:PR_000022194
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 atpI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A atpI
obo:PR_000030266
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MT-ATP6 gene, the Escherichia coli K-12 atpB gene, or 1:1 orthologs thereof."
  A ATP synthase F0 sector subunit a
  A F-ATPase protein 6
  A ATP_synth_a
obo:PR_000022186
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 atpA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A atpA
  A F-ATPase subunit alpha
  A ATP synthase F1 sector subunit alpha
obo:PR_000004453
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5F1A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP5F1A
  A ATP5A1
obo:PR_000022191
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 atpF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A F-ATPase subunit b
  A ATPase subunit I
  A atpF
  A F-type ATPase subunit b
  A ATP synthase F(0) sector subunit b
obo:PR_000022189
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 atpD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP synthase F1 sector subunit beta
  A F-ATPase subunit beta
  A atpD
obo:PR_000004454
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5F1B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP5B
  A ATP5F1B
obo:PR_000022190
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 atpE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A atpE
  A ATP synthase F(0) sector subunit c
  A dicyclohexylcarbodiimide-binding protein
  A lipid-binding protein
  A F-type ATPase subunit c
  A F-ATPase subunit c
obo:PR_000004459
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5PD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATPase subunit d
  A ATP5PD
  A ATP5H
obo:PR_000022193
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 atpH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A F-ATPase subunit delta
  A F-type ATPase subunit delta
  A ATP synthase F(1) sector subunit delta
  A atpH
obo:PR_000004456
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5F1D gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP5D
  A F-ATPase delta subunit
  A ATP5F1D
obo:PR_000004460
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5ME gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATPase subunit e
  A ATP5I
  A ATP5ME
obo:PR_000004457
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5F1E gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATPase subunit epsilon
  A ATP5F1E
  A ATP5E
obo:PR_000030352
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5EP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP5EP2
obo:PR_000004462
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5MF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP5MF
  A ATP5J2
obo:PR_000004464
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5MGL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP5L2
  A ATP5MGL
  A ATPase subunit g 2
obo:PR_000004463
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5MG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP5MG
  A ATPase subunit g
obo:PR_000004455
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5F1C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP5F1C
  A ATP5C1
obo:PR_000004465
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5PO gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A OSCP
  A ATP5PO
  A oligomycin sensitivity conferral protein
obo:PR_000004466
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DMAC2L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A mitochondrial ATP synthase regulatory component factor B
  A ATP synthase-coupling factor B
  A DMAC2L
obo:PR_000004461
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5PF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP5PF
  A ATPase subunit F6
  A ATP5J
obo:PR_000003537
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABC-1
  A ABCA1
  A ATP-binding cassette transporter 1
  A cholesterol efflux regulatory protein
  A ATP-binding cassette 1
obo:PR_000003538
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCA10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCA10
obo:PR_000030564
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCA11P gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCA11P
obo:PR_000003539
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCA12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP-binding cassette 12
  A ABCA12
  A ATP-binding cassette transporter 12
obo:PR_000031308
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCA13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCA13
obo:PR_000003540
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCA2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCA2
  A ATP-binding cassette 2
  A ATP-binding cassette transporter 2
obo:PR_000003541
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCA3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABC-C transporter
  A ABCA3
  A ATP-binding cassette transporter 3
  A ATP-binding cassette 3
obo:PR_000003543
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCA5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCA5
obo:PR_000003544
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCA6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCA6
obo:PR_000003545
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCA7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A autoantigen SS-N
  A ABCA-SSN
  A ABCA7
  A macrophage ABC transporter
obo:PR_000003546
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCA8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCA8
obo:PR_000004535
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Abca8a gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Abca8a
obo:PR_000003547
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCA9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCA9
obo:PR_000003548
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCB10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP-binding cassette transporter 10
  A ABC-me protein
  A ABC transporter 10 protein
  A ABCB10
  A M-ABC2
  A mitochondrial ATP-binding cassette 2
  A ABC-mitochondrial erythroid protein
obo:PR_000003550
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCB5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCB5 P-gp
  A P-glycoprotein ABCB5
  A ABCB5
obo:PR_000003551
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCB6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCB6
  A P-glycoprotein-related protein
  A mt-ABC transporter 3
  A mitochondrial ABC transporter 3
  A ubiquitously-expressed mammalian ABC half transporter
obo:PR_000003552
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCB7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABC transporter 7 protein
  A ABCB7
  A ATP-binding cassette transporter 7
obo:PR_000032495
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCB8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCB8
  A mitochondrial ATP-binding cassette 1
  A M-ABC1
obo:PR_000003553
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCB9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TAPL
  A ABC transporter 9 protein
  A ABCB9
  A ATP-binding cassette transporter 9
obo:PR_000003556
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCC11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A multidrug resistance-associated protein 8
  A ABCC11
  A ATP-binding cassette transporter sub-family C member 11
obo:PR_000003563
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCC8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCC8
  A sulfonylurea receptor 1
  A ATP-binding cassette transporter sub-family C member 8
obo:PR_000003564
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCC9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCC9
  A ATP-binding cassette transporter sub-family C member 9
  A sulfonylurea receptor 2
obo:PR_000003565
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ALDP
  A ABCD1
  A adrenoleukodystrophy protein
obo:PR_000003566
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCD2
  A adrenoleukodystrophy-like 1
  A adrenoleukodystrophy-related protein
obo:PR_000003567
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCD3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 70 kDa peroxisomal membrane protein
  A PMP70
  A ABCD3
obo:PR_000031253
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCD4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PMP70-related protein
  A ABCD4
  A PMP69
  A P70R
  A peroxisomal membrane protein 69
  A PXMP1-L
  A peroxisomal membrane protein 1-like
obo:PR_000003568
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCE1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCE1
  A RNase L inhibitor
  A RNS4I
  A HP68
  A ribonuclease 4 inhibitor
  A 2'-5'-oligoadenylate-binding protein
obo:PR_000003569
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TNF-alpha-stimulated ABC protein
  A ATP-binding cassette 50
  A ABCF1
obo:PR_000029256
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCF2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCF2
  A iron-inhibited ABC transporter 2
obo:PR_000029257
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCF3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCF3
obo:PR_000003570
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCG1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCG1
  A ATP-binding cassette transporter 8
  A white protein homolog
obo:PR_000001283
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCG2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A breast cancer resistance protein 1 homolog
  A mitoxantrone resistance-associated protein
  A ABCG2
  A CD338
  A breast cancer resistance protein
  A placenta-specific ATP-binding cassette transporter
  A CDw338
obo:PR_000033932
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Abcg3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Abcg3
obo:PR_000003571
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCG4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ABCG4
obo:PR_000003572
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCG5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sterolin-1
  A ABCG5
obo:PR_000003573
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ABCG8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sterolin-2
  A ABCG8
obo:PR_000022363
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 cydC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cydC
obo:PR_000022364
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 cydD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cydD
obo:PR_000003628
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ACLY gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP-citrate (pro-S-)-lyase
  A ACLY
  A citrate cleavage enzyme
obo:PR_000029646
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NAXD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP-dependent NAD(P)HX dehydratase
  A NAXD
  A carbohydrate kinase domain-containing protein
obo:PR_000023514
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 pfkA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phosphofructokinase 1
  A 6-phosphofructokinase isozyme I
  A pfkA
  A phosphohexokinase 1
obo:PR_000023515
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 pfkB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A phosphofructokinase-2
  A pfkB
obo:PR_000012582
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PFKL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PFKL
  A phosphofructo-1-kinase isozyme B
  A PFK-B
obo:PR_000012583
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PFKM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PFKM
  A phosphofructo-1-kinase isozyme A
  A phosphofructokinase-M
  A PFK-A
obo:PR_000012584
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PFKP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PFK-C
  A 6-phosphofructokinase type C
  A PFKP
  A phosphofructo-1-kinase isozyme C
obo:PR_000022299
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 clpS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A clpS
obo:PR_000022296
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 clpA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A clpA
obo:PR_000022300
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 clpX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A clpX
obo:PR_000005604
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CLPX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CLPX
obo:PR_000022298
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 clpP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A caseinolytic protease
  A heat shock protein F21.5
  A protease Ti
  A clpP
obo:PR_000029361
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CLPP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CLPP
obo:PR_000022224
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 bioD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DTBS
  A dethiobiotin synthetase
  A dethiobiotin synthase
  A bioD
  A DTB synthetase
obo:PR_000035012
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 bioD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dethiobiotin synthase 2
  A bioD2
  A DTBS 2
  A DTB synthetase 2
obo:PR_000029382
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DDX11
  A keratinocyte growth factor-regulated gene 2 protein
  A KRG-2
  A CHL1-related protein 1
  A DEAD/H box protein 11
obo:PR_000035355
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dinG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dinG
  A DNA-damage-inducible protein G
obo:PR_000008507
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HELQ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A POLQ-like helicase
  A mus308-like helicase
  A HELQ
obo:PR_000029543
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HFM1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SEC63 domain-containing protein 1
  A HFM1
obo:PR_000012692
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PIF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PIF1/RRM3 DNA helicase-like protein
  A PIF1
obo:PR_000013860
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RECQL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RECQL
  A DNA-dependent ATPase Q1
  A RecQ protein-like 1
  A DNA helicase, RecQ-like type 1
  A RecQ1
obo:PR_000013861
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RECQL4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RTS
  A RECQL4
  A RecQ protein-like 4
  A RecQ4
  A DNA helicase, RecQ-like type 4
obo:PR_000013862
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human RECQL5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RECQL5
  A RecQ5
  A RecQ protein-like 5
  A DNA helicase, RecQ-like type 5
obo:PR_000023702
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 recG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A recG
obo:PR_000023706
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 recQ gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A recQ
obo:PR_000023713
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rep gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rep
obo:PR_000033852
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yoaA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yoaA
obo:PR_000031333
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHX36 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RNA helicase associated with AU-rich element ARE
  A DHX36
  A DEAH box protein 36
  A MLE-like protein 1
obo:PR_000034220
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 lhr gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A large helicase-related protein
  A lhr
obo:PR_000022934
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hslU gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A heat shock protein hslU
  A hslU
obo:PR_000022935
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hslV gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A heat shock protein hslV
  A hslV
obo:PR_000006474
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHX9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DHX9
  A nuclear DNA helicase II
  A DEAH box protein 9
  A mHEL-5
  A NDH II
obo:PR_000022405
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 dbpA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dbpA
obo:PR_000006355
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DDX1
  A DBP-RB
  A DEAD box protein 1
  A DEAD box protein retinoblastoma
obo:PR_000029381
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 10
  A DDX10
obo:PR_000030264
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX11L8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD/H box protein 11-like 8
  A DDX11L8
  A ATP-dependent DNA helicase DDX11-like protein 8
obo:PR_000029383
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX17 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein p72
  A RNA-dependent helicase p72
  A DDX17
obo:PR_000006356
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX18 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DDX18
  A MrDb
  A DEAD box protein 18
  A Myc-regulated DEAD box protein
obo:PR_000006357
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX19A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A eukaryotic translation initiation factor 4A-related sequence 1
  A DDX19A
  A DDX19-like protein
  A mDEAD5
  A DEAD box protein 19A
obo:PR_000006358
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX19B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DDX19B
  A DEAD box protein 19B
obo:PR_000029384
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX20 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A component of gems 3
  A DEAD box protein 20
  A DEAD box protein DP 103
  A DDX20
  A gemin-3
obo:PR_000029385
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX23 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DDX23
  A PRP28 homolog
  A U5-100kD
  A 100 kDa U5 snRNP-specific protein
  A DEAD box protein 23
obo:PR_000006360
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX24 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 24
  A DDX24
obo:PR_000006361
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX25 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 25
  A DDX25
  A gonadotropin-regulated testicular RNA helicase
obo:PR_000029386
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX27 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 27
  A DDX27
obo:PR_000029387
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX28 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DDX28
  A mitochondrial DEAD box protein 28
obo:PR_000032193
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX31 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A helicain
  A DEAD box protein 31
  A DDX31
obo:PR_000006363
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX39A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A nuclear RNA helicase URH49
  A DEAD box protein 39
  A DDX39A
obo:PR_000006364
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX3X gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DDX3X
  A DEAD box, X isoform
  A embryonic RNA helicase
  A mDEAD3
  A helicase-like protein 2
  A DEAD box protein 3, X-chromosomal
  A DEAD box RNA helicase DEAD3
  A D1Pas1-related sequence 2
obo:PR_000006365
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX3Y gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 3, Y-chromosomal
  A mDEAD2
  A DDX3Y
  A DEAD-box RNA helicase DEAD2
  A D1Pas1-related sequence 1
obo:PR_000031218
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DDX4
  A DEAD box protein 4
  A vasa homolog
  A Mvh
obo:PR_000029388
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX41 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein abstrakt homolog
  A DDX41
obo:PR_000006366
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX42 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 42
  A SF3b125
  A RHELP
  A DDX42
  A RNA helicase-like protein
  A SF3b DEAD box protein
  A RNAHP
  A RNA helicase-related protein
  A splicing factor 3B-associated 125 kDa protein
obo:PR_000032273
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX43 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein HAGE
  A helical antigen
  A DDX43
  A CT13
  A DEAD box protein 43
  A cancer/testis antigen 13
obo:PR_000030255
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX46 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 46
  A DDX46
  A PRP5 homolog
obo:PR_000029389
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX47 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 47
  A DDX47
obo:PR_000032209
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX49 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 49
  A DDX49
obo:PR_000029396
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RNA helicase p68
  A DEAD box protein 5
  A DDX5
obo:PR_000006367
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX50 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A nucleolar protein Gu2
  A DEAD box protein 50
  A Gu-beta
  A DDX50
obo:PR_000006368
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX51 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DDX51
  A DEAD box protein 51
obo:PR_000029391
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX52 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DDX52
  A ATP-dependent RNA helicase ROK1-like
  A DEAD box protein 52
obo:PR_000029392
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX53 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DDX53
  A cancer/testis antigen 26
  A CT26
  A DEAD box protein 53
  A DEAD box protein CAGE
obo:PR_000006369
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX54 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 54
  A ATP-dependent RNA helicase DP97
  A DDX54
  A DEAD box RNA helicase 97 kDa
obo:PR_000006370
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX55 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 55
  A DDX55
obo:PR_000029393
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX56 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP-dependent 61 kDa nucleolar RNA helicase
  A DDX56
  A DEAD box protein 56
obo:PR_000029394
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX58 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A retinoic acid-inducible gene 1 protein
  A retinoic acid-inducible gene I protein
  A RLR-1
  A DDX58
  A RIG-I
  A RIG-1
  A DEAD box protein 58
  A RIG-I-like receptor 1
obo:PR_000029395
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX59 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 59
  A zinc finger HIT domain-containing protein 5
  A DDX59
obo:PR_000029398
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 6
  A oncogene RCK
  A ATP-dependent RNA helicase p54
  A DDX6
obo:PR_000029397
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX60 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DDX60
  A DEAD box protein 60
obo:PR_000032362
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DDX60L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAD box protein 60-like
  A DDX60L
obo:PR_000022422
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 deaD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A translation factor W2
  A cold-shock DEAD box protein A
  A deaD
  A ATP-dependent RNA helicase deaD
obo:PR_000006471
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHX29 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DHX29
  A nucleic acid helicase DDXx
  A DEAH box protein 29
obo:PR_000030401
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHX30 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAH box protein 30
  A DHX30
obo:PR_000029414
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHX33 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DHX33
  A DEAH box protein 33
obo:PR_000032136
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHX34 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DHX34
  A DEAH box protein 34
obo:PR_000030452
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHX35 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAH box protein 35
  A DHX35
obo:PR_000032429
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHX37 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DHX37
  A DEAH box protein 37
obo:PR_000032512
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHX40 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAH box protein 40
  A DHX40
  A protein PAD
obo:PR_000029415
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHX57 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAH box protein 57
  A DHX57
obo:PR_000032742
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHX58 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RLR-3
  A RIG-I-like receptor 3
  A probable ATP-dependent helicase LGP2
  A RIG-I-like receptor LGP2
  A protein D11Lgp2 homolog
  A DHX58
  A RLR
obo:PR_000006473
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DHX8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DEAH box protein 8
  A RNA helicase HRH1
  A DHX8
obo:PR_000006684
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DQX1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A DQX1
  A DEAQ box polypeptide 1
obo:PR_000022922
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hrpA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hrpA
obo:PR_000022923
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 hrpB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hrpB
obo:PR_000034400
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse D1Pas1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A D1Pas1
obo:PR_000023740
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rhlB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rhlB
obo:PR_000023741
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rhlE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rhlE
obo:PR_000023988
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 srmB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A srmB
obo:PR_000015839
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SUPV3L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A suppressor of var1 3-like protein 1
  A SUPV3L1
  A SUV3-like protein 1
obo:PR_000031317
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TDRD12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A tudor domain-containing protein 12
  A TDRD12
  A ES cell-associated transcript 8 protein
obo:PR_000030790
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TDRD9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TDRD9
  A tudor domain-containing protein 9
obo:PR_000033819
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 sufC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A sufC
obo:PR_000022717
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ftsH gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ftsH
  A cell division protease ftsH
obo:PR_000017540
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human YME1L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP-dependent metalloprotease YME1L1
  A YME1L1
  A ATP-dependent metalloprotease FtsH1
  A presenilin-associated metalloprotease
  A Meg-4
  A PAMP
  A YME1-like protein 1
obo:PR_000004376
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ASNA1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARSA-I
  A ASNA-I
  A arsenical pump-driving ATPase
  A transmembrane domain recognition complex 40 kDa ATPase subunit
  A ASNA1
  A arsenite-stimulated ATPase
obo:PR_000029293
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATAD1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A thorase
  A ATAD1
obo:PR_000004392
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATAD2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANCCA
  A ATAD2
  A AAA nuclear coregulator cancer-associated protein
obo:PR_000032743
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATAD2B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATAD2B
obo:PR_000030707
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATAD3A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATAD3A
obo:PR_000031929
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATAD3B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AAA-TOB3
  A ATAD3B
obo:PR_000031846
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATAD3C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATAD3C
obo:PR_000004394
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATAD5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATAD5
  A chromosome fragility-associated gene 1 protein
obo:PR_000015492
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SPATA5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SPATA5
  A spermatogenesis-associated factor protein
  A spermatogenesis-associated protein 5
obo:PR_000004498
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATP5IF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATP5IF1
  A IF1
  A IF(1)
  A inhibitor of F(1)F(o)-ATPase
obo:PR_000032615
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human MORC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A MORC family CW-type zinc finger protein 2
  A zinc finger CW-type coiled-coil domain protein 1
  A MORC2
obo:PR_000034194
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Morc2b gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A TCE6
  A MORC family CW-type zinc finger protein 2B
  A Morc2b
obo:PR_000023680
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ravA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ravA
  A regulatory ATPase variant A
obo:PR_000031405
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SWSAP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SWSAP1
  A SWS1-associated protein 1
  A SWIM-type zinc finger 7-associated protein 1
  A ZSWIM7AP1
  A ZSWIM7-associated protein 1
obo:PR_000017456
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human WRNIP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A WRNIP1
  A Werner helicase-interacting protein 1
obo:PR_000004500
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATRIP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATM and Rad3-related-interacting protein
  A ATRIP
obo:PR_000011374
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NPPA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CDD-ANF
  A prepronatriodilatin
  A ANP
  A atrial natriuretic peptide
  A NPPA
  A ANF
obo:PR_000011377
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NPR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A GC-A
  A atrial natriuretic peptide receptor type A
  A NPR-A
  A atrial natriuretic peptide receptor A
  A guanylate cyclase A
  A ANP-A
  A NPR1
  A ANPR-A
obo:PR_000011378
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NPR2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A atrial natriuretic peptide receptor B
  A atrial natriuretic peptide receptor type B
  A guanylate cyclase B
  A ANP-B
  A NPR2
  A GC-B
  A ANPR-B
  A NPR-B
obo:PR_000011379
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NPR3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ANPR-C
  A atrial natriuretic peptide clearance receptor
  A ANP-C
  A NPR3
  A NPR-C
  A atrial natriuretic peptide receptor type C
obo:PR_000005758
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CORIN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CORIN
  A heart-specific serine proteinase ATC2
  A transmembrane protease serine 10
  A corin
  A low density lipoprotein receptor-related protein 4
  A pro-ANP-converting enzyme
obo:PR_000004429
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATN1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A dentatorubral-pallidoluysian atrophy protein homolog
  A ATN1
  A dentatorubral-pallidoluysian atrophy protein
obo:PR_000004501
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATRN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATRN
  A protein mahogany
  A DPPT-L
  A mahogany homolog
obo:PR_000004502
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATRNL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATRNL1
obo:PR_000004929
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human COQ8A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A chaperone activity of bc1 complex-like, mitochondrial
  A chaperone-ABC1-like
  A ADCK3
  A COQ8A
  A atypical kinase ADCK3, mitochondrial
  A aarF domain-containing protein kinase 3
obo:PR_000029090
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human COQ8B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AarF domain-containing protein kinase 4
  A ADCK4
  A COQ8B
obo:PR_000029175
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Staphylococcus aureus subsp. aureus NCTC 8325 aur gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A aur
obo:PR_000035365
  D "A protein that is a serine-threonine protein kinase that controls several aspects of cell division. It contains a copy of the Protein kinase domain (Pfam:PF00069)."
  A AURK
obo:PR_000030577
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AUNIP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AIBp
  A AUNIP
obo:PR_000004516
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AURKAIP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AURKAIP1
  A AURKA-interacting protein
obo:PR_000004519
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AUTS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AUTS2
obo:PR_000001323
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AIRE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AIRE
  A APECED protein homolog
  A APECED protein
  A autoimmune polyendocrinopathy candidiasis ectodermal dystrophy protein
  A autoimmune polyendocrinopathy candidiasis ectodermal dystrophy protein homolog
obo:PR_000023128
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 lsrA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A lsrA
  A EGO10A
  A AI-2 import ATP-binding protein lsrA
obo:PR_000023130
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 lsrC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A lsrC
  A AI-2 import system permease protein lsrC
obo:PR_000023131
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 lsrD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AI-2 import system permease protein lsrD
  A lsrD
obo:PR_000023129
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 lsrB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A lsrB
  A AI-2-binding protein lsrB
obo:PR_000023133
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 lsrK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A lsrK
  A AI-2 kinase
obo:PR_000022835
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 grcA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A grcA
obo:PR_000004418
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATG5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATG5
  A apoptosis-specific protein
  A APG5-like
obo:PR_000039905
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATG101 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATG101
obo:PR_000031005
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATG13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATG13
obo:PR_000004409
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATG16L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APG16-like 1
  A ATG16L1
obo:PR_000004410
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATG16L2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATG16L2
  A APG16-like 2
  A WD repeat-containing protein 80
obo:PR_000004411
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATG2A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATG2A
obo:PR_000004412
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATG2B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ATG2B
obo:PR_000004420
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATG9A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A APG9-like 1
  A ATG9A
obo:PR_000004421
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATG9B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein sONE
  A APG9-like 2
  A ATG9B
  A nitric oxide synthase 3-overlapping antisense gene protein
obo:PR_000033327
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yfaL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yfaL
obo:PR_000035993
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Arabidopsis thaliana ARF2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ARF1-binding protein
  A ARF2
  A protein MEGAINTEGUMENTA
obo:PR_000028506
  D "A protein that in its active form is a transcription factor induced by the plant hormone auxin. It contains one copy of the AUX/IAA family (Pfam:PF02309) domain."
  A Aux/IAA repressor
obo:PR_000025824
  D "A protein that contains a copy of the Regulator of G protein signaling domain (Pfam:PF00615), followed by a copy of the Axin beta-catenin binding domain (Pfam:PF08833) and a C-terminal copy of the DIX domain (Pfam:PF00778). Axins play key roles in WNT signalling."
  A axis inhibition protein
  A fam:axin
obo:PR_000003865
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AIDA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AIDA
  A axin interaction partner and dorsalization antagonist
obo:PR_000004529
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CSRNP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CSRNP1
  A CSRNP-1
  A TAIP-3
  A protein URAX1
  A TGF-beta-induced apoptosis protein 3
obo:PR_000032373
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AXDND1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A AXDND1
obo:PR_000006591
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human DNALI1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A hp28
  A inner dynein arm light chain, axonemal
  A DNALI1
obo:PR_000004534
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human AZU1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A heparin-binding protein
  A AZU1
  A cationic antimicrobial protein CAP37
obo:PR_000004833
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BSPRY gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BSPRY
obo:PR_000004624
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAGE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A antigen MZ2-BA
  A B melanoma antigen
  A cancer/testis antigen 2.1
  A BAGE
  A CT2.1
obo:PR_000004625
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAGE2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CT2.2
  A BAGE2
  A cancer/testis antigen 2.2
obo:PR_000004626
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAGE3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CT2.3
  A BAGE3
  A cancer/testis antigen 2.3
obo:PR_000004627
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAGE4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cancer/testis antigen 2.4
  A CT2.4
  A BAGE4
obo:PR_000004628
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAGE5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A CT2.5
  A BAGE5
  A cancer/testis antigen 2.5
obo:PR_000015206
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SLC7A9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A B(0,+)AT
  A glycoprotein-associated amino acid transporter b0,+AT1
  A solute carrier family 7 member 9
  A SLC7A9
obo:PR_000001284
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BTLA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BTLA
  A B- and T-lymphocyte-associated protein
  A CD272
obo:PR_000032614
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BLACE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BLACE
obo:PR_000001285
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CD79A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A membrane-bound immunoglobulin-associated protein
  A surface IgM-associated protein
  A MB-1 membrane glycoprotein
  A CD79a
  A Ig-alpha
  A CD79A
obo:PR_000001286
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CD79B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A B-cell-specific glycoprotein B29
  A CD79B
  A CD79b
  A immunoglobulin-associated B29 protein
  A Ig-beta
obo:PR_000004701
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL6B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCL6B
  A bcl6-associated zinc finger protein
obo:PR_000029299
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL7A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCL7A
obo:PR_000004702
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL7B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCL7B
obo:PR_000004703
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL7C gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCL7C
  A B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia/lymphoma 7C protein
obo:PR_000004704
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL9 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bcl-9
  A protein legless homolog
  A B-cell lymphoma 9 protein
  A BCL9
obo:PR_000004705
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL9L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCL9-like protein
  A B-cell lymphoma 9-like protein
  A protein BCL9-2
  A BCL9-related beta-catenin-binding protein
  A BCL9L
obo:PR_000004761
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BLNK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A src homology 2 domain-containing leukocyte protein of 65 kDa
  A SLP-65
  A BLNK
  A lymphocyte antigen 57
  A cytoplasmic adapter protein
  A B-cell adapter containing a SH2 domain protein
  A B-cell adapter containing a Src homology 2 domain protein
obo:PR_000004699
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCL-3
  A B-cell lymphoma 3-encoded protein
  A BCL3
  A proto-oncogene BCL3
obo:PR_000003450
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A zinc finger and BTB domain-containing protein 27
  A BCL-6
  A BCL-5
  A zinc finger protein 51
  A B-cell lymphoma 5 protein
  A BCL6
  A protein LAZ-3
obo:PR_000004689
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A cellular homolog of vCARMEN
  A CED-3/ICH-1 prodomain homologous E10-like regulator
  A cellular-E10
  A c-E10
  A cCARMEN
  A mammalian CARD-containing adapter molecule E10
  A CIPER
  A CARD-containing molecule enhancing NF-kappa-B
  A BCL10
  A bcl-10
  A B-cell CLL/lymphoma 10
  A CARD-like apoptotic protein
  A mE10
obo:PR_000004690
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL11A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCL11A
  A BCL-11A
  A COUP-TF-interacting protein 1
  A ecotropic viral integration site 9 protein
  A EVI-9
  A ecotropic viral integration site 9 protein homolog
  A B-cell CLL/lymphoma 11A
obo:PR_000004691
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL11B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A COUP-TF-interacting protein 2
  A Rit1
  A BCL-11B
  A radiation-induced tumor suppressor gene 1 protein
  A BCL11B
  A B-cell CLL/lymphoma 11B
obo:PR_000001288
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CD22 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A B-lymphocyte cell adhesion molecule
  A CD22
  A T-cell surface antigen Leu-14
  A siglec-2
  A sialic acid-binding Ig-like lectin 2
  A BL-CAM
obo:PR_000004674
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCAP29 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bap29
  A BCR-associated protein 29
  A BCAP29
obo:PR_000004675
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCAP31 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 6C6-AG tumor-associated antigen
  A protein CDM
  A BCR-associated protein 31
  A bap31
  A BCAP31
obo:PR_000004639
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BANK1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BANK1
  A protein AVIEF
obo:PR_000004801
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BRAF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A proto-oncogene B-Raf
  A BRAF
  A v-Raf murine sarcoma viral oncogene homolog B1
obo:PR_000001290
  D "A protein that is a member of a family that includes translation products of genes CD86, CD276, ICOSLG, and others. These are membrane-anchored proteins with a small intracellular domain and an extracellular domain with signal sequence, an Immunoglobulin V-set domain (Pfam:PF07686), and a CD80-like C2-set immunoglobulin domain (Pfam:PF08205)."
obo:PR_000030466
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human B9D1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A B9D1
  A MKS1-related protein 1
obo:PR_000004612
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human B9D2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A stumpy
  A B9D2
obo:PR_000023336
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 nagA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A nagA
obo:PR_000025989
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 groL gene, or any of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis groEL1 to groEL4 genes."
obo:PR_000025865
  D "A protein that is a stand-alone version of the Glutaminase (Pfam:PF04960) domain. Glutaminases (EC 3.5.1.2) catalyze the hydrolytic deamidation of L-glutamine to L-glutamate and free NH4+."
obo:PR_000022712
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ftnA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ftnA
  A ferritin-1
obo:PR_000022713
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ftnB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ftnB
  A ferritin-like protein 2
obo:PR_000036195
  D "A protein that is encoded in the genome of some Bacteria <prokaryote>."
  A Bacteria <prokaryote> protein
obo:PR_000033332
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ridA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A enamine/imine deaminase
  A ridA
obo:PR_000033755
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yfhM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yfhM
  A lipoprotein YfhM
obo:PR_000029898
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 pepN gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A pepN
  A alpha-aminoacylpeptide hydrolase
obo:PR_000029904
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 glnA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A glnA
obo:PR_000033874
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 folE gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bacterial-type GTP-CH-I
  A bacterial-type GTP cyclohydrolase I
  A bact-folE
obo:PR_000034508
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ppnK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ppnK
  A inorganic polyphosphate/ATP-NAD kinase
obo:PR_000035172
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ppiA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ppiA
obo:PR_000034002
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ppiC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A parvulin
  A par10
  A ppiC
obo:PR_000023579
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 ppiD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ppiD
  A PPIase D
obo:PR_000035315
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 rnc gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A rnc
obo:PR_000004794
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BPI gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BPI
  A CAP 57
obo:PR_000022212
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 bfr gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bfr
  A cytochrome b-1
  A cytochrome b-557
  A BFR
obo:PR_000022211
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 bfd gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bfd
obo:PR_000023375
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 nfrA gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bacteriophage N4 adsorption protein A
  A nfrA
obo:PR_000023376
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 nfrB gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bacteriophage N4 adsorption protein B
  A nfrB
obo:PR_000010966
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human NAIP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A neuronal apoptosis inhibitory protein
  A NAIP
obo:PR_000011552
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Naip1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Naip1
  A neuronal apoptosis inhibitory protein 1
obo:PR_000011553
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Naip2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Naip2
  A neuronal apoptosis inhibitory protein 2
obo:PR_000011554
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Naip5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Naip5
  A neuronal apoptosis inhibitory protein 5
obo:PR_000011555
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Naip6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Naip6
  A neuronal apoptosis inhibitory protein 6
obo:PR_000011556
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the mouse Naip7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Naip7
  A neuronal apoptosis inhibitory protein 7
obo:PR_000004751
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BIRC2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A IAP-2
  A IAP homolog B
  A BIRC2
  A RING finger protein 48
  A inhibitor of apoptosis protein 2
  A C-IAP1
  A TNFR2-TRAF-signaling complex protein 2
obo:PR_000004752
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BIRC3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A apoptosis inhibitor 2
  A C-IAP2
  A BIRC3
  A TNFR2-TRAF-signaling complex protein 1
  A IAP homolog C
  A RING finger protein 49
  A API2
  A IAP-1
  A inhibitor of apoptosis protein 1
obo:PR_000003119
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human XIAP gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. Potent negative regulator of apoptosis."
  A X-linked IAP
  A IAP homolog A
  A XIAP
  A X-linked inhibitor of apoptosis protein
  A E3 ubiquitin-protein ligase XIAP
  A inhibitor of apoptosis protein 3
  A IAP-3
  A IAP-like protein
  A ILP
obo:PR_000004753
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BIRC5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A apoptosis inhibitor survivin
  A TIAP
  A BIRC5
  A apoptosis inhibitor 4
obo:PR_000004754
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BIRC6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A ubiquitin-conjugating BIR domain enzyme apollon
  A BIRC6
  A BRUCE
  A APOLLON
  A BIR repeat-containing ubiquitin-conjugating enzyme
obo:PR_000003127
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BIRC7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A RING finger protein 50
  A kidney inhibitor of apoptosis protein
  A BIRC7
  A ML-IAP
  A KIAP
  A livin
  A melanoma inhibitor of apoptosis protein
obo:PR_000004755
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BIRC8 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BIRC8
  A ILP-2
  A testis-specific inhibitor of apoptosis
  A IAP-like protein 2
  A inhibitor of apoptosis-like protein 2
obo:PR_000004619
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAG1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Bcl-2-associated athanogene 1
  A BAG1
  A BAG-1
obo:PR_000004620
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAG2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Bcl-2-associated athanogene 2
  A BAG-2
  A BAG2
obo:PR_000004621
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAG3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Bcl-2-binding protein Bis
  A docking protein CAIR-1
  A Bcl-2-associated athanogene 3
  A BAG3
  A BAG-3
obo:PR_000004622
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAG4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BAG-4
  A Bcl-2-associated athanogene 4
  A BAG4
  A silencer of death domains
obo:PR_000004623
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAG5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Bcl-2-associated athanogene 5
  A BAG-5
  A BAG5
obo:PR_000030197
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAHCC1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BAHCC1
  A bromo adjacent homology domain-containing protein 2
  A BAH domain-containing protein 2
obo:PR_000004635
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAIAP3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BAP3
  A BAIAP3
obo:PR_000028489
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Arabidopsis thaliana BIR1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A probably inactive leucine-rich repeat receptor-like protein kinase At5g48380
  A BIR1
obo:PR_000001845
  D "A protein with core architecture consisting of a Band 3 cytoplasmic domain (Pfam:PF07565) and an HCO3- transporter family domain (Pfam:PF00955)."
obo:PR_000007108
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human EPB41L1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EPB41L1
  A 4.1N
  A neuronal protein 4.1
obo:PR_000007109
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human EPB41L2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 4.1G
  A EPB41L2
  A generally expressed protein 4.1
obo:PR_000007110
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human EPB41L3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 4.1B
  A EPB41L3
  A DAL-1
  A DAL1P
  A differentially expressed in adenocarcinoma of the lung protein 1
obo:PR_000007111
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human EPB41L4A gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EPB41L4A
  A protein NBL4
obo:PR_000007112
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human EPB41L4B gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein EHM2
  A FERM-containing protein CG1
  A EPB41L4B
obo:PR_000007113
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human EPB41L5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A EPB41L5
obo:PR_000004663
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BBS1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BBS1
  A BBS2-like protein 2
obo:PR_000004664
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BBS10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BBS10
obo:PR_000004665
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BBS12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BBS12
obo:PR_000004666
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BBS2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BBS2
obo:PR_000004667
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BBS4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BBS4
obo:PR_000004668
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BBS5 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BBS5
obo:PR_000004669
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BBS7 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BBS7
  A BBS2-like protein 1
obo:PR_000004643
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BARHL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BARHL1
  A Bar-class homeodomain protein MBH2
  A BarH-related homeoboInOwlx protein 1
obo:PR_000004644
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BARHL2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A homeoboInOwlx protein B-H1
  A BARHL2
  A Bar-class homeodomain protein MBH1
obo:PR_000004637
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BANF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A breakpoint cluster region protein 1
  A BANF1
  A LAP2-binding protein 1
obo:PR_000004638
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BANF2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A barrier-to-autointegration factor 2
  A BAF-L
  A BANF2
obo:PR_000004831
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BSND gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BSND
obo:PR_000022640
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 flgD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A flgD
obo:PR_000008826
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human HSPG2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A HSPG2
  A PLC
  A perlecan
obo:PR_000033768
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the Escherichia coli K-12 yfcC gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A yfcC
obo:PR_000027804
  D "A protein that belongs to the clade A of the bHLH proteins (see PMID:20219281) with with a C-terminal copy of the helix-loop-helix DNA-binding domain (Pfam:PF00010), and it is the translation product of the human HAND1 or HAND2 genes, or 1:1 orthologs thereof."
  A HAND
obo:PR_000014546
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SCX gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A class A basic helix-loop-helix protein 41
  A bHLHa48
  A SCX
  A bHLHa41
  A class A basic helix-loop-helix protein 48
obo:PR_000032668
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BIVM gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BIVM
obo:PR_000004865
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BZW1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BZW1
  A protein Orf
obo:PR_000004866
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BZW2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BZW2
obo:PR_000004654
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BATF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A SF-HT-activated gene 2 protein
  A B-ATF
  A BATF
  A SFA-2
  A B-cell-activating transcription factor
obo:PR_000004655
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BATF2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A B-ATF-2
  A BATF2
obo:PR_000004656
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BATF3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A 21 kDa small nuclear factor isolated from T-cells
  A B-ATF-3
  A jun dimerization protein p21SNFT
  A BATF3
obo:PR_000013172
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PRB1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A PRB1
obo:PR_000013173
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PRB2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A con1 glycoprotein
  A PRB2
obo:PR_000013174
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PRB3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A proline-rich protein G1
  A PRB3
  A parotid salivary glycoprotein G1
obo:PR_000013175
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human PRB4 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A salivary proline-rich protein Po
  A parotid o protein
  A PRB4
  A salivary proline-rich protein II-1
obo:PR_000001324
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BSG gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A extracellular matrix metalloproteinase inducer
  A BSG
  A tumor cell-derived collagenase stimulatory factor
  A EMMPRIN
  A collagenase stimulatory factor
  A TCSF
  A HT7 antigen
  A membrane glycoprotein gp42
  A 5F7
  A OK blood group antigen
  A leukocyte activation antigen M6
  A basic immunoglobulin superfamily
  A CD147
obo:PR_000005591
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human CLN3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A batten disease protein
  A protein CLN3
  A CLN3
obo:PR_000016391
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human TMBIM6 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A testis-enhanced gene transcript protein
  A transmembrane BAX inhibitor motif-containing protein 6
  A TMBIM6
  A BI-1
obo:PR_000004661
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BBIP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BBIP1
obo:PR_000002185
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAK1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof. The BAK2 gene is a recent duplication in humans and gives rise to a very similar protein."
  A apoptosis regulator BAK
  A BAK1
  A Bcl2 homologous antagonist/killer
  A Bcl2-L-7
  A Bcl-2-like protein 7
obo:PR_000004706
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCLAF1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCLAF1
  A Btf
obo:PR_000003124
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BBC3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A p53 up-regulated modulator of apoptosis
  A BBC3
  A JFY-1
obo:PR_000004747
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BIK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BIK
  A apoptosis inducer NBK
  A BP4
  A BIP1
obo:PR_000002186
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL2, BCL2L1, or BCL2L2 genes, 1:1 orthologs thereof, or a semi-ortholog thereof. The core domain architecture consists of an amino-terminal BH4 domain (Pfam:PF02180), which confers apoptosis inhibitory activity, and a Bcl-2 domain (Pfam:PF02180) common to many apoptosis regulator proteins."
obo:PR_000004693
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL2L10 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCL2L10
  A apoptosis regulator Bcl-B
  A anti-apoptotic protein NrH
  A anti-apoptotic protein Boo
  A Bcl2-L-10
  A Bcl-2 homolog Diva
obo:PR_000002187
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL2L11 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Bcl2-interacting mediator of cell death
  A Bcl2-L-11
  A BCL2L11
obo:PR_000004694
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL2L12 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCL2L12
  A Bcl-2-related proline-rich protein
  A Bcl2-L-12
obo:PR_000004695
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL2L13 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bcl-rambo
  A Bcl2-L-13
  A protein Mil1
  A BCL2L13
obo:PR_000004697
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL2L15 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Bcl2-L-15
  A BCL2L15
obo:PR_000004769
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BMF gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BMF
obo:PR_000004785
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BOK gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Bcl2-L-9
  A protein matador
  A Bcl-2-like protein 9
  A BOK
  A apoptosis activator Mtd
obo:PR_000004692
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCL2A1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein GRS
  A Bcl-2-like protein 5
  A Bcl2-L-5
  A hemopoietic-specific early response protein
  A protein BFL-1
  A BCL2A1
  A A1-A
obo:PR_000004783
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BNIPL gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BNIPL
obo:PR_000004709
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCOR gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCOR
  A BCoR
obo:PR_000004710
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCORL1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCORL1
  A BCoR-L1
obo:PR_000002184
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BAD gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A bcl-XL/Bcl-2-associated death promoter
  A Bcl2-L-8
  A BAD
  A Bcl-2-binding component 6
  A Bcl-2-like protein 8
  A Bcl2 antagonist of cell death
obo:PR_000004780
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BNIP2 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BNIP2
obo:PR_000004781
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BNIP3 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BNIP3
obo:PR_000004782
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BNIP3L gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BNIP3L
  A adenovirus E1B19K-binding protein B5
  A NIP3-like protein X
  A BCL2/adenovirus E1B 19 kDa protein-interacting protein 3A
  A NIP3L
obo:PR_000004711
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BCORP1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A BCL-6 corepressor-like protein 2
  A BCORP1
obo:PR_000014987
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human SLC22A18AS gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A p27-Beckwith-Wiedemann region 1 B
  A solute carrier family 22 member 18 antisense protein
  A p27-BWR1B
  A organic cation transporter-like protein 2 antisense protein
  A SLC22A18AS
  A solute carrier family 22 member 1-like antisense protein
obo:PR_000030828
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human ATG14 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A Atg14L
  A barkor
  A autophagy-related protein 14-like protein
  A ATG14
obo:PR_000004719
  D "A protein that is a translation product of the human BECN1 gene or a 1:1 ortholog thereof."
  A protein GT197
  A coiled-coil myosin-like BCL2-interacting protein
  A BECN1
